60th Birthday Party Themes - Great Ways To Celebrate Life

It is hard to plan a party for someone who is turning 60. For one, he's already had 59 birthday themes, so there's a slim chance of not repeating a theme from his previous birthdays. Secondly, the celebrant might not like celebrating his birthday party in the first place, as it reminds him of how "old" he is. However, these should not discourage you from planning the perfect birthday party for that special person. Here are some 60th birthday party themes that your celebrant will surely like.

One way of creating a theme is to think of the thing that he or she is most associated to, the first thing that comes to mind when his or her name is mentioned. It can be a hobby or interest. It can be as diverse as the Super bowl, the Beatles, quilting, or the color pink.

If you want the party to be a bit formal, you can have a black and white theme, where guests wear black and white outfits. Guests bring old pictures that they have of the celebrant (in black and white, of course), which they will post to a board, forming a collage.

Another theme is casino night. Set up some poker tables and slot machines, and let waiters serve cocktails and hors d' oeuvres. For a movie enthusiast, you can have a movie premiere theme, where guests dress like movie stars and strut down a red carpet.

If a lady celebrant likes the spa, you can organize a spa theme party. Invite some of her closest female friends, and rent out a room where they can have massages, skin and hair treatments, and a buffet table.

If the celebrant is more of the "fun" type, you can organize a karaoke night theme, where each guest sings her favorite songs. You can also have a Mardi gras, carnival or fiesta theme, complete with costumes, masks and lots of dancing. Another fun theme would be a luau party by the beach (or pool). For the kid at heart celebrant, you may organize a kid's party theme, with balloons and party hats.

Whatever theme you choose, make it memorable for the celebrant. Hire a photographer to take candid pictures at the party, and place them in a scrapbook. Or you can make a visual presentation such as a slide show, or a video with her close friends giving their well wishes. Let guests write their messages in a book or message board for the celebrant to keep.
80s Fancy Dress Ideas To Make Your Event a huge Success

Who can forget the eighties? It had been a time of gigantic hair, glossy clothes, tall shoes, powerful make up, great songs and fantastic films. Whoever invited you to an 80s costume party had a brilliant idea. You will without doubt get plenty of concepts on the web, in mags or at your local costume store. However, for simple reference you could find some 80s Fancy Dress Ideas below.

To make things straightforward, you should break down your preference into one or two genres like for instance ; music, movies, television, cartoons, political, royalty or other segments of society. When you have your list, make sub lists in each genre. Take flicks for example, you could select from horror, sci-fi, comedy, drama or westerns. Once you have decided which segment you like, then you can plan around a specific character you want to portray.

a few people like to surprise at fancy dress parties, others love to be lovable and fluffy or even picture a nursery rhyme character. The 80's certainly lived up to all of those standards. Take for example a horror film like Nightmare on Elm Street. There's probably no scarier face than Freddy Krueger's. With his crippled face, brown fedora ( hat ) and his trademark tool of death - the metal-clawed brown leather glove - he'll thrill and scare any person stupid.

otherwise, there is Conan the barbarous. This is a cult hit flick that many folks can feel comfortable with. His costume is skimpy but horny, joined with his long hair and menacing foil you can strut your stuff on the dance floor, wooing the ladies with your well-oiled body flexing your muscles when you see danger.

if you'd like to tone it down a bit, and you do show a small resemblance, why don't you go as lady Di. She was amazing in her time and there is doubtless nobody on earth who would not recognize her. Get a fashionable outfit, wear a jewelled crown and get a wig in one of her famous hair styles and presto you are royalty. Organize to arrive in a limo and get the heads at the party turning and the tongues wagging.

The concept of a 80s fancy dress is to make folk relaxed by talking about their costumes to each other. It is a excellent way to introduce folks and to break the ice on the dance floor. You are assured many laughs and fun at such an event.

Make it worthwhile in wearing your costume in such a manner that it actually looks authentic so that folks who don't know you would even doubt whether or not you are the real stuff or a fake. Whatever costume you choose, regardless of if you choose to go as a cartoon figure like Uncle Scrooge in Duck tales, your duck costume must look the part.

As mentioned before, there's a myriad of internet sites that may give you great 80s fancy dress concepts. All you need to do is to plan in advance and get in the right the mood to stun, frighten, woo or intrigue the party.
3 Stylish ways to wear a Petite Jacket

Petite jackets are the one thing you have got to have in your wardrobe, if you belong to the petite women's clothing category.

 Why?

 It is easy, because besides being multipurpose, if worn the right way according to your attribute and body structure, it will do miracles for your dilemma in the size section. Jackets are the type of garment that can be seen as casual and edgy yet appropriate and sophisticated.

 Therefore, it is a versatile piece of clothing for ladies petite fashion that petite women should be in favor of.

 Furthermore, petite jackets are a great way to disguise any love handles or thick arms that you may struggle with when picking your style of dressing for petite women's clothing.

 If you are looking for a slight edgier look, you can choose to opt for petite leather jackets. They are usually made to fit your petite frame just nicely; not too tight and not too big.

 Below are tips you can use when wearing petite jackets to suit your frame:

 Tip #1: Choose fitted or semi-fitted jackets:

 They require no tugging or fidgeting to form flattering and well-rounded lines.

 Ensure that your jackets fits well around the bust area, it should be able to button up without any line pulling across the bust line as this will create an unpleasant feel as well as appearance because the jacket is a tad too small.

 However, wearing oversized or larger jackets are just as unflattering because it covers up majority of your body length and it shows your petite frame.

 As mentioned above, petite leather jackets usually has the best fit and cut if you are looking for a nice fitted or semi-fitted jacket.

 Tip #2: Go with traditional type of jacket that ends at the high hip for ladies petite fashion.

 With a V-neckline, it will make a petite / short woman taller because it forms a straight perpendicular cutting that creates the illusion of a longer leaner torso.

 In addition to that, a shorter jacket complements petites because it is natural thinking that the legs start right below the hip.

 Therefore, if the jacket were to end slightly above your actual hip line, it would appear that your legs are longer, elongated and slimmer all the way down.

 Bear in mind that this illusion does not work if you match it with low cut jeans/pants.

 Tip #3: Choose neutral/solid colored jackets

 Increase the range of ways to match or wear your jacket by choosing them in a neutral/solid colours.

 Make sure they are without patterns or embroidery because this causes the jacket to lose its purpose of creating a leaner and sleeker appeal.

 Neutral colored jackets are not only easy to match with, they are also elegantly simple! I personally prefer a nice neutral colored tweed jacket to fit my 4"9 frame.

 If you enjoy wearing prints, you could match your jacket with a printed shirt, skirt or dress.

 A Glen plaid or vertical strips are also good ways to wear jackets with slight design without drowning out your frame, these patterns tend to enlarge your overall size thus appearing less petite.
3 Tips To Buying Used Refrigerators

Need to be wildly successful with buying used refrigerators ? Good. The best way to succeed with buying used refrigerators, (like it is for most of life's endeavors) is within the research, understanding and planning. You should think of the bigger picture, visualize it in its entirety, then break it down and organize it into easy parts or phases. You should make a good plan and follow it well. Being aware of detail and doing things correctly will likely be necessary to succeed with buying used refrigerators. Doing things in a slovenly, half-way manner could trigger disastrous results. You might be confronting issues of buying broken fridges, or perhaps even buying refrigerators that break down soon after buying them.

To guide you along, here I will discuss three excellent tips. Those that heed them are often more apt to succeed and steer clear of problems. Adhering closely to those suggestions and tips can really help guarantee your likelihood of success:

First and foremost, you should always test the unit before you buy it.

You'll need to plug it in and make sure it is in good working condition since that may help you stay clear of buying a product that does not work. Failure to do this could actually result in a lose of money. Please avoid the error of ignoring or slighting this important step!

Next is, always asking for a lower price,

Of practically an equal relevance as always testing the unit before you buy it, when struggling with buying used refrigerators will likely be always asking for a lower price. I am here to inform you, you won't want to overlook this. It is important to negotiate because most people will be willing to take a lower price, which can be something that everyone who want to succeed with buying used refrigerators wants.

Finally, you should always ask them how often they maintained the refrigerator.

If your goal will be to succeed at buying used refrigerators, be sure to ask the owner how often they cleaned and maintained it. That will help you with determine how well they took care of it, which happens to be an important part of determining what kinda of condition it is in. Not getting that handled right could mean that you could possibly have to buy a new one shortly after because it will break down. And we all know that that would not very likely be good...

Decide to exercise exceptional care when planning on buying used refrigerators, as was mentioned earlier. Don't forget and make blunders which might make you issues of buying broken fridges or, worse yet, even buying refrigerators that break down soon after buying them. Set your goal to be successful at finding and buy a used refrigerator. Continue with the above suggestions and obtain that goal.
4 Baby Shower Plans Using Smurfs Party Supplies

There are a massive number of baby showers that are designed for both the mother and father of the baby-to-be. They are known as a Jack and Jill baby shower. Also growing in reputation is granting children to join these baby showers, specifically those related to the baby-to-be.
 
So, why don't you organize a baby shower using Smurfs party supplies as a way of including these pint-sized invitees? You could even go as far as bringing in a Smurfette costume for the new baby to wear, and maybe one for the mother also!
 
Here are four baby shower recommendations utilizing Smurfs party supplies:
 - Design a diaper cake
 
Rather than decorating the diaper cake using traditional baby shower adornments, use Smurf decorations. If you find out the gender of the baby, you can work the decorations on a certain male Smurf or Smurfette, in addition to using Smurfy blue ribbon, or pink ribbon to keep the diaper cake intact. Try obtaining a smurf figurine to put on top of the diaper cake.
 
 - Bake a Smurf themed baby shower cake
 
The cake designing section of most craft stores have character themed cake pans, so you might be able to spot one there or special order one. Check online stores, as well. If you can't come across a character shaped cake pan, you can still use frosting to sketch a image of a Smurf on to a round layered cake or a sheet cake. Or, you could prepare a cake similar to the diaper cake, and place Smurf figurines on the various layers as well as colored frosting.
 
 - Enjoy a costume party
 
On the baby shower invites, ask that all the little ones in attendance dress in a Smurf or Smurfette costume. That way, the children can have their own version of the baby shower, and play games off to the side, in another room, or outside depending on the weather.
 
Consider enlisting the support of a teen member of the family, or get a nanny to contribute to this area of the party. That way, the adults at the party can take joy in the baby shower without having to worry too much about if their children are up to no good or making damage somewhere.
 
 - Have a Santa-like surprise gift drop off
Right after the mother-to-be (or both mom and dad) come  in at the baby shower, and everyone is relishing some food (and the kids are being happy), enlist the aid of someone to send all the gifts.
 
When attendees get in, ask them to drop the gifts into your garage, into a vehicle parked out the way, or in another hiding spot. Then, the worker can gather them into a bag and carry them to the party. Request this person to dress in a Smurf or Smurfette costume so it's the same type of story as an individual dressed as Santa bringing Christmas gifts.
 
Keep in mind to present food and drinks that are colored blue to further add to the Smurf themed baby shower. Enjoy with this, and be as artistic as you can with the Smurf party supplies. Use blue and white streamers, blue and white balloons, and blue and white table accessories.
 
If the baby-to-be is a girl, put some pink flowers, pink foiled candies, pink cupcakes, and other pink goodies. Make sure to balance the Smurf party supplies with the appropriate baby gender colors.
4 Big Tips on Throwing a Successful Costume Party

Costume parties always sound like a great idea; they sound fun and exciting, and there's always a little thrill looking around at laughing, costumed guests. However, sometimes costume parties flop. You know this; you've read the horror stories and don't want any of them to happen to you. If this is you, here are some tips on throwing a successful costume party, so your blowout bash won't turn into a fatal flop.

So, Um, What Are You?

The embarrassment of not knowing the man with a black ink mustache is actually a woman playing Groucho Marx can all be avoided by picking a theme. A good theme can make all the difference in throwing a successful costume party, and you can even start the festivities early. Let a few of your friends know what you're doing and then get together for a brainstorming session.

Picking the day you'll have the costume party may actually help in deciding which theme to go with. Valentine's Day could be an excellent time for a "Famous Lovers" theme, and a Haunted House theme is perfect for Halloween. Other themes could include "Gangsters", where Don Gotti might walk through the door, or a "Story Book" theme might provide hours of entertainment.

Am I Invited?

For something like a themed costume party, you might want to do more than make phone calls. Although a full-fledged invitation isn't necessary, some kind of visual reminder might be. Some card stock and decorations matching your theme will do well, as it not only reminds your friends of the time, but of the theme as well. 

Make sure that your invitation covers any specific snacks, drinks or games guests might need to bring, the time and date of the party, the theme and your address in case you've invited someone new. Who, when, why, where and how works as well for invitations as it does for journalism. Give your potential guests the news!

Where's The Beef?

Throwing a successful costume party also has a lot to do with what you serve. As you decide what you'll be serving, keep in mind that some of your guests may have elaborate costumes. Some may even rent them. In addition, the costumes and theme alone will keep your guests busy. 

You might want to throw the party a little later, so your guests have time to eat supper before coming, and then serve non-messy snacks instead of a meal. This ultimately serves three purposes. One, your guests won't have to worry about messing up their costumes. Two, you'll have more time to enjoy the party yourself because snacks are easier to replenish. Finally, non-messy snacks mean less clean up at the end.

What's That Clicking Sound?

If you don't follow any of the other tips on throwing a successful costume party, still keep this one in mind. Pictures, pictures, pictures! Costume parties, especially themed ones, are an excellent chance for guests to relax and enjoy themselves, and you want them to remember those moments. How they remember them is up to you, depending on how "good" a friend you are, but keep your finger on the button and the film rolling!
5 Games For A 65th Birthday

There is truly no reason why a 65th birthday celebration must be subtle or demure. To be able to spice things up and liven the atmosphere for a 65th birthday celebration, here are several game ideas which will intrigue your guests, both old and young.

Ice breakers

The majority of 65th birthday party ideas get started with an ice breaker to have the guests warmed up. This is especially valuable if your guest list contains individuals who aren't really familiar with each other. The choice of ice breaker is quite much reliant on the personalities of your guests. There are lots to select, from simple get to know each other quizzes to games that will be more challenging. One such game requires giving every visitor a necklace or lei and making the objective of the game to collect as many necklaces as possible. In order to do this, everyone has to go around requesting each other questions to which the response is "no." An example of this type of question will be " Do you teach elementary school?" to which the individual is pressured to say "no." This is an excellent game for individuals to indicate how much they find out about each other.

Scavenger hunts

Treasure hunts and also scavenger hunts are usually enjoyable. To do this, you'll need to separate individuals into groups and give each a list of things that they should collect. You could include a fun twist by including bonus things in the list or rare items. Setting up a time limit to the game will be even more difficult and motivate individuals to work better in groups.

Trivia

The easiest method to understand how much someone knows about something or someone is to have a trivia quiz. You could perform this on an individual basis, or separate individuals into groups before requesting them to answer a set of questions about the bday guy. This can include questions including how she or he met his or her partner, or a story about some humorous, sentimental or special moment. Just remember that the more innovative your questions, the more fun individuals are going to have.

Children's games

At times mom and dad need to bring along their children for the party and in order to make sure they're entertained, as the host it is a great way to come up with games for them. Examples of games you may want to try include simple games including "House of Cards" that involves making a tower made out of cards, or "Pin the tail on the Donkey," that would require hours of entertainment, and keep the kids entertained. Involve the entire family and bring in the adults for some fun filled hours before you all take a seat for the bday meal.

Creative games

A little bit of creativity goes further in terms of organizing birthday celebrations. You should not limit yourself to the traditional games out there and instead try to think outside the box. For instance, you might play a game that requires participants to embellish a cake, or color a costume, anything at all to release the creativeness of your attendees.

The sky is the restriction with regards to making games for birthday celebrations. No matter how sedate the occasion may be, a game or two will do wonders to liven up the mood of any party.
5 Must See Festivals Around Europe

Festivals are a great way to experience this amazing continent which is rich in history and diverse in culture that has some the best festivals around the world. 

1. Notting Hill Festival 

The Notting Hill Festival which happens on each August bank holiday, it is one of the most spectacular carnivals in the world often been classed second only to the Rio Festival but is Europe's top carnival with its variety of upbeat music, street parties and twenty miles of vibrant colourful costumes it brings the streets of West London.

2. Seville Festival

The Seville Festival is in fact 2 major carnivals that bring the city alive during the month April with the Seville Fair covering around 1.2 million square metres with a week long party of dancing, drinking and entertainment that often go into the early hours of the morning and in some cases there is plenty of party goers that will often go through the night.

3. Venice Mask Festival 

Venice Carnival is one of the most exuberant and exciting Carnivals in Venice and around the world, with its famous masks and lavish parades, the carnival heightens after each and passing day over nearly 2 weeks of partying in the month of March. 

4. Edinburgh Festival 

The Edinburgh Festival is on during the summer month of August and is one of the most spectacular music and arts festivals with its top-notch performance ranging from rock to cabaret with its mixture of modern and alternative music as well as dance and drama.

5. Tomato Fight Festival

Tomato Fight Festival is one of the few festivals with really no meaning known as the La Tomatina is held in the region of Valencia, Spain in a small town called Bunol which as a small population of 9000 and is held on the last Wednesday of August each year where an estimated 30,000 people descend into this small town to participate in this tomato throwing frenzy.
5 Reasons to Have An Inflatable Slide At your Next Party

We all love our outdoor parties. From the backyard BBQ to the all out huge family reunion and everything in between, planning the entertainment, especially for kids can be tricky. There are all kinds of inflatable devices that you can rent. The Moon Jump, the Castle, but for a cool and unique idea, you should consider these 5 reasons of having an inflatable slide for your next party.

Fun For All Ages

Almost everyone loves to cool off and they love slides. Inflatable water slides combine the two, making water play at an outdoor function a must have. Everyone will enjoy taking a few trips down the slide to cool off and will allow for some great pictures and memories. This offers hours of play.

Great for any kind of party including neighborhood block parties, Company parties, birthday parties or any even where there will be children that need to have some entertainment.

Safety

Playing in lakes, streams, rivers and other natural bodies of water comes with inherent risks. These can include the water being too swift for a swimmer, bacterial pathogens that can cause disease, as well as a whole host of other risks. With these inflatable slides, you can still have hours of water play, with less risk than you find in natural bodies of water or swimming pools.

Variety

There are 4 different slides in two heights to choose from. Offering a single lane on the slides, they have one that will fit kids of all ages and sizes. They even have some that will work year round, so using it indoors is possible. We currently have:

18 Ft Ocean Wave Water Slide. This can be used either as a water or dry slide, which allows it to also be used year round. A must have for your next party.
18 Ft Front Load Water Slide. This will accommodate those bigger kids that want to join in the fun. A great way to cool down during those hot days of summer.
16 Ft Front Load Water Slide. A smaller version of the 18 ft, it allows for hours of continuous water play.
18 Ft Fire & Ice Front Load Water Slide. Brand new to their lineup, kids and adults are sure to love the design and look.
Easy Setup

Our professional people will set this up and tear it down, making it one less thing to worry about as you are getting your party together. You simply need the space and a water source, and inflate it, and viola, you are ready to go. That also means that early comers or other people assisting with your party setup who have children will have a way for them to keep busy and not be underfoot.

Affordability

When you are planning an event or party, you always have to look at your budget. The water slide is very affordable and they have something that will fit every size budget. Starting at 4 hour rental times, you can ensure you will get your money's worth when one of these are included.

Inflatable items at parties have become a hot item. Once only found in places like carnivals, the new and unique inflatable slides are sure to make your next outdoor event a big hit with everyone.
5 Regal Ideas For Hosting A Princess Bridal Shower

Finding a creative theme for a bridal shower can be very hard, but it makes your planning so much easier. Although it may seem difficult at first, picking a theme will make choosing invitations, food, decorations and party favors a snap. Here are five terrific ideas for planning a princess bridal shower. Using these tips will help make your bridal shower magical!

Gift Requests
Gift requests are a very important part of every party. Engaged couples typically sign up for one or two registries. On your gift request, you can suggest gifts that are specific to the princess theme of the bridal shower. Any gift can be wrapped, giving it a very regal look. Certain colors can be used to wrap and decorate the gifts. Any pastel color, mixed with gold can be very appropriate gift decoration for this theme. When the princess (the bride) starts to unwrap her gifts at the shower, someone should bring each gift up to her. The bride should not move from where she is sitting, so that she really is a princess on her throne.

Party Favors
Party favors are a fun way to thank your guests for joining in the celebration. Some princess party favors include princess wands and smaller tiaras. Some people arrange wands, cards, and fancy writing utensils as a centerpiece. The guests are then asked to write a word of advice to the bride as she embarks on her next stage of life. The cards are then read out loud, which usually turns out to be a very fun activity for the party. 

Decorations
Decorations set the atmosphere of any party. The place where the bride is sitting should stand out in the room. It should be decorated as a throne as much as possible. It should outshine the rest of the room, so it can be decorated with beads, costume jewelry, and any other object that has shine. The throne should also be in a part of the room that separates her somewhat from the rest of the guests, her royal subjects. The bride should also be dressed extravagantly in a tiara and a fancy robe. She can also have her own special goblet and plate that is styled to complete the princess image.

Party Games
Games are also another way to get the guests more involved with the party! One typical game played at bridal shower weddings is "Guess What's in the Bride's Purse." If you want to go for a Disney-themed princess party, try the "Disney Love Song" trivia game. "Bride Leaves the Room" is also a fun game. The bride leaves the room and asks prewritten questions about the bride, even though many will not know the answers to the questions. When the bride comes back in she will answer all the questions. The guest with the most right answers wins!

Princess Cake
A princess cake would be the perfect addition to your princess themed bridal shower! Typically, princess cakes have layers of flavor and are constructed into a dome shape. The layers include genoise, jam, pastry cream, and whipped cream. When the princess cake is cut, the slices will be pink and white. The outside of the cake should be decorated with edible flowers. Sprinkles will also help give your cake a regal look.
5 Top Strategies For Creating Costumes For Couples

Are you attending Halloween events as a couple? It can be challenging to locate the perfect costume for one person let alone for two people.

You may need something which will be original, however not way too outlandish. It can end up being very uncomfortable to arrive at a party where other couples are generally dressed up in the exact same outfit. Likewise, it can also end up being uncomfortable to end up being at a party where guests are continuously requesting an explanation of your own halloween costume.

Most couples decide on costumes that naturally go with one another. In the event that you happen to be having problems thinking about suggestions for couple's costumes, you might want to keep reading.

Listed here are 5 great ideas for the perfect costumes for couples:




* Beauty and the Beast.

Both of you may dress up as Belle and the Beast from the Disney motion picture. To achieve this, you'll simply have to wear your very best clothing. "Beast" may need a mask of course. Or, you may place your very own spin upon the idea. Perhaps the woman may wish to dress up as the "Beast" while her male partner goes out as Prince Charming. Not merely is this an innovative twist on the obvious, but it's guaranteed to garner a number of laughs between your good friends at the parties you will be attending.


* Bacon and Eggs.

Some things just go properly with each other; bacon and eggs are usually two of these things. This costume idea is furthermore really creative however common enough so that you will not invest the evening explaining the rational behind your costume ideas. You may in fact purchase these outfits on the internet. In the event that you might be very creative, you might end up being in a position to make your very own outfits.


* Addams Family Costumes.

With the current rise in popularity of the Goth movement, Addams family characters will be very popular. The two of you might want to go to the get together as Morticia and Gomez or even as Wednesday and Puggsley. The very best part about these kinds of costumes is they tend to be an easy task to create. Just about all that you may need will be black clothes, black wigs, and also black eye shadows to finish the appearance. The majority of the props as well as the costumes themselves may be bought at local thrift stores. If you're short on time in addition to creativeness, you may purchase ready to use costumes over the internet.


* The Flinstones.

In the event that the two of you are usually far more of an old-fashioned couple, you might like to play that up by dressing as the Flinstones. You can help make your own costumes from leopard print fabrics or perhaps you are able to purchase costumes at the costume shop. Of course, Wilma will have to wear a large stone necklace. Fred may need to put on a tie over his leopard print costume as well. Be sure to purchase a great red wig to wear to complete the Wilma costume.


* The Dynamic Duo.

You and your partner may want to go as superheroes. Guys can choose from Batman or Superman. The ladies may want to go as Catwoman or even as Wonder Woman.
5 Ways to Dress Your Child Like a Rock Star

Many children want to grow up to be rock stars. Some even pretend they already are. If you want to dress your child to look like a rock star, follow these tips to help her create the perfect look: pick a style, start off with the crux of the matter, choose timeless pieces, accessorize to accentuate, and create a free-style hairdo.

The costume party is still a wildly popular activity for school-aged children. Wearing fancy clothing during a celebration is so much fun because it brings a special oomph to the festivity. With themes like carnival, retro, and rock, children love to explore a different sides of themselves by trying out things beyond what is usual for them. Since the rock star style is readily available, moms prefer it for their children. Although there are ample outfits that you can mix and match to get the look you're going for, finding the right fit can be very frustrating, especially for parents who are not rock aficionados. To learn the particulars of the rock star vogue, here are some hints you need to know follows:

Pick a style

Since there are several styles for the rock star such as the Goth, punk, and glam, the first thing you need to decide is the style you want your child to project. This will help you narrow down your choices and help you find the right clothing and accessories. Remember that not all styles fit all personalities. Try out various fads until you come up with the most suitable match for your child.

Start off with the crux of the matter

Although there are endless possible fashion matches, it is always advisable to start with the basics of a rocker, which is a prerequisite move. For boys, they often look great in frayed jeans while female rockers tend to lean towards skinny jeans. Bootee is another essential you can find in a rocker's closet and is considered a "must have" item.

Choose timeless pieces

You do not have to buy brand new apparel to mimic your child's favorite rocker. All you need is to check out classic clothing you might already have stored in your closet or basement. Dark jeans are good enough to be paired with vests or coats. Velvety or any structured jacket is a perfect, flamboyant upper wardrobe. However for a simpler look, you may also opt for an untucked, appropriately printed rock shirt.

Accessorize to accentuate

You will never go wrong if you utilize more accessories with the desire to make a bolder rock fashion statement. Girls may want to put on over-sized, fabricated silver jewelry while cute boys may focus more on extra large belts and buckles. To make the look more fearless, choose metallic colors when looking for over-sized bags and sunglasses.

Create a free-style hairdo

To set the rock vibe, do not forget to create a hairstyle that is not overdone. Avoid too many details because you will make your child look like she's trying too hard. A free-style hairdo will do the trick for your child. Just pull out some hairsprays and gels from your dresser and apply a generous amount on your child's wet crowning glory. Toss and shake it to add a natural volume.

Regardless of how you do it, make sure the outfit looks natural on your child. An exaggeration should not be the emphasis, instead make sure that your child is at ease with what she is wearing.
6 Things You Should Know About Burglars

Many owners take into account their worst nightmare to be waking up in the course of the night time to a stranger rifling by means of their things. Home invasions can happen at any time of the day or night time, whether you are relaxing in front of the TV or away at work. If you wish to defend your loved ones towards an intruder, listed below are six issues you must know in regards to the person breaking into your house:

1) Burglars won't put on “burglar” clothing. Most burglars don't truly wear all-again and a ski mask. As an alternative, they might put on the uniform of a delivery driver or a maintenance employee, which makes their getaway a lot easier. They could even use the costume as a ruse for forcing themselves inside your home.

2) A fake security camera is commonly sufficient to fool them. A criminal who's savvy enough to search for safety units will instantly spot the camera,which serves as a visual deterrent. Many homeowners mistakenly assume that they must install refined safety devices to ward away criminals, however this is not the case, as dummy surveillance cameras serve as a powerful approach to stop dwelling invasions.

3) They assume doorways and windows are straightforward entry points. Far too many homeowners depart their doorways and windows unlocked, or leave a spare key underneath a doormat and fail to make use of their home safety system. These practices make it far too easy for criminals to enter the home. You may wager that any prison will know methods to verify for simply entered doorways and windows, and can seek for spare keys in all of the normal hiding spaces.

four) Burglars hate lights and attention. Security alarms on home windows and doors work so properly as a result of burglars don't want the additional attention. No criminal desires to be caught in the act. Keep home invasions at bay by putting in alarms and out of doors lighting; burglars are not snug working the place they could be caught.

5) Burglars do not care who will get hurt within the process. Though most burglars attempt to time their entry when no one is dwelling so that the police aren't referred to as, they know they may often run into individuals or pets. If they do confront an indignant home-owner, they may fight again violently, and may be armed. In case you are house when a felony breaks in, you have to be ready with a stun gun, pepper spray canister, or different self protection device.

6) You will not shoot them. Sure, burglars know this. Even if the homeowner is armed, burglars know they in all probability do not even know learn how to shoot the gun, and are far too scared to tug the trigger. That is why it is so necessary to protect your loved ones with a device you feel snug using.
6 TIps to Find Cheap Holiday Outfits

Fall is coming and so is Halloween. This means you may be looking for some ideas for Halloween costumes, and if you are not, you should be. Perhaps you already know what you want and are simply wanting to know where you can locate it at a price you can afford. Let's face it, times are tough, but not so tough we cannot still have fun with our children, or be children again ourselves with a Halloween party with our friends. 

I want you save your hard earned cash you would spend on gas and your time running around looking for what can be obtained via the internet for cheaper than you will probably find in town. You may even get you Halloween costume in a very timely way and with free shipping to boot. Now, you cannot beat these three things with a stick.

There a dozens and dozens of places on the internet and perhaps in your local community where a body can buy cheap Halloween costumes for cheap. I do not mean cheap as in construction or shoddily made, but cheap as in inexpensive. It is my intent to direct to a place where you can buy cheap Halloween costumes for your costume party.

The internet offers a huge selection of Halloween costumes or holiday outfits in general for your every holiday need. You can find more costumes and/or ideas for costumes than you ever thought possible by browsing the online stores to see what is popular this year or for your favorite character. 

One internet warehouse causing quite a stir in the Internet Shopping community and where you can find more information about this is on the best holiday outfits.

Many holiday costumes are available for under $20.00 and every assessory is available to fulfill your wildest dreams. Why buy used when you go new and know you have something that does carry some kind of bug you may never get rid of? 

If you are looking for one of those exotic costumes you will have a far better chance of locating it on the internet at one of those huge online warehouses that can reach out and touch a huge number of providers for you that you never even need to think about. You can locate just about anything on the internet in just a few clicks, of you are patient.

Also buying from a reputable online warehouse, you do not need to worry about giving out your address to what could be an unscroupulous party that may come trick or treating to your home some night other than Halloween. I do not mean to scare you, but yet I do. Times have changed from when were children and the world is not as safe as it was only a few short years ago. It is time to think about our families safety and that means altering how we do things from what we might have done only a short while ago.

Buy shopping online you can avoid the hassel going to busy stores where no one is there to wait on you. Don't you just hate to go shopping and you cannot even find a clerk to check you out, much less help you find that just right costume you have you mind set on? I know I do. Avoid the hassle of down town shopping and let your mouse do the walking online for your holiday outfit.

The last tip of the day is you can shop 24 hours a day. You are not limited to just a few hours when you can go on weekends or in the late night hours when you would rather be home with your family or kicked back watching your most favorite soap. Shop at your convenience and go online to find your Halloween costume for yourself and/or your chldren and spouse. Or take them shopping with you if it is not going to be a surprise.
7 Essential Retro Gifts For Mom And Dad This Christmas

Top Picks for Christmas Gifts 2010
The holiday season is fast approaching and with it comes the stress of finding just the right holiday gift for everyone on your list. Especially fo baby-boomers and their parents; we've handpicked unique retro gifts for parents in our top three categories - Christmas gifts for mom, Christmas gifts for dad and Christmas gifts for parents together! Our chosen - As another great addition to your Christmas gift list, you'll be amazed at the great sound you'll get from this AM/FM big button radio. It's compact and can fit on a desktop, nightstand, kitchen counter or bookshelf, but provides the kind of rich, room-filling sound you would expect from a large, expensive home stereo system. The large, oversized tuning dial makes it easy to 'dial in' to your favorite stations - especially your favorite sounds of the holidays!
- This Christmas, help Dad take his old vinyl records and bring them into the digital era! If you dad is a typical dad, he has a stack of old vinyl records gathering dust in the attic. The ingenious device will allow him to convert vinyl records to PC files, i.e. convert his old vinyl collection directly to CD or MP3. Not only can he convert his albums to digital files, but the Vinyl-to-PC Turntable software actually improves the quality of the recordings - actually eliminating the pops, hisses and static they've acquired over the years stuffed in the attic. A truly perfect Christmas gift for dad!
Top Three Picks - Christmas Gifts for Mom
- Everyone wants their jewelry to sparkle and shine, but time is a commodity and it can be a real hassle to go out and have your jewelry professionally cleaned. Your mom may be like many others and have plenty of jewelry; this little gem of a Christmas gift for mom will help her collection to look its best.
- This is truly a great Christmas gift for mom or dad (or both!). We all know that sinking feeling that comes with 'misplacing' your car in a public lot or parking garage. This small hand-held pointer will guide you to your car up to mile away with direction indicators that include both lighted arrows and sound. Have you ever forgotten what your rental car looks like? No problem - this auto-finder will easily and discreetly guide you back to your car.
7 Signs Of Being Disloyal Husband Or Wife

If there is any 1 matter one particular person can do to both destroy a partnership and exhibit they are really a coward is being disloyal on you. It really is the ultimate act of betrayal on the man or woman that's supposed for being your very best friend. If another person would deal with a best friend this manner how would they deal with any person who's not a pal or enemy?

You will discover a range of factors a person would cheat but generally speaking it is really an indication these are not happy with their present-day spouse or that a thing is missing inside the romance. Quite typically nonetheless it can be an indication of the unfaithful folks very own inability to get content with themselves and also the inability being joyful. So but if your companion is being unfaithful on you or you believe your spouse is being unfaithful on you don't be rapid to blame your self. It's not your fault.

The explanation you might be perusing this write-up nevertheless is most seemingly because you sense a thing distinct about your associate's behaviour or disposition as well as your subconscious intellect is essentially tapping you about the shoulder and statingÂ 'hey, take a take a look at what's going on here'. The subconscious intellect may be fairly humorous in terms of its skill for being our finest buddy. You need to be selected however that you're not misreading indicators or experiencing the indicators of the unique inferiority complex.

The 2nd most destructive issue to a relationship next to disloyal is placing another person by means of the hell of accusing them of it when they're not guilty

In case your partner and exhibits in excess of one or two with the following 7 symptoms of a cheating spouse then a deeper glimpse is warranted.

7 Symptoms of a Being unfaithful Husband or wife:

1.alterations in physical appearance - One particular with the initial things anybody does when trying to impress or satisfy a fresh romantic attraction is shell out far more consideration to their attraction level which includes the way they costume, the way in which they wear their hair, as well as the cologne or perfume they can be sporting.

2.A reduction in intimacy or affection - from the past he or she accustomed to share every little thing after which all of your sudden your spouse or husband appears to be distant or significantly less inclined or desiring to discuss intimate things. A superb indication she has distanced herself or himself from you emotionally for 1 reason or another.

3.Secrecy - they're disclosing considerably less about what their intentions are pertaining to each day options and routines. What your accomplice is carrying out is avoiding revealing the commitment of their everyday schedule with you so any alterations that may happen that arise from meeting with all the human being they are being disloyal with aren't in battle with what they revealed about their timetable earlier so they don't should describe themselves.

4.Less attraction in family - does your spouse or husband no longer greet you enthusiastically in the front door if you occur dwelling and so they accustomed to? A good check right here is when your wife or husband goes out on the previous minute explain you would like to go with them just hold them firm. See what type of excuses or explanations they occur up with for not including you.

5.Not as much conflict - make a mental note of items inside the previous that accustomed to upset her. Are these points abruptly no longer an problem? It could be mainly because you might be turning out to be much less of an concern in her daily life due to the fact yet another lover is becoming a bigger situation to her than you might be.

6.The cell phone plus the World wide web has become far more important - does your dishonest partner allow it to be a position for making many of their cell phone conversations private? Maybe you have observed you stroll to the area when they may be talking to a person else plus they all of a sudden ought to go? Have they designed a brand new e-mail account?

7.They are late a good deal far more - the explanation for this can be apparent. Are they coming dwelling late from perform a great deal much more? Naturally the excuse would be above time are having to perform late. Do they bring more time to complete routines that looks sensible or relative to how extended it took them prior to. For example your spouse going the grocery store to complete grocery buying used to acquire an hour plus a half or two hours and now they're gone for several one/a couple of hours.

If your partner is exhibiting in excess of a single of those indications and there can be a fairly very good likelihood they are disloyal on you. And considerably deeper glance is undoubtedly warranted. The issue even so with all the 7 indicators of cheating detailed over no matter if or not these are being unfaithful however remains practically nothing more than an accusation. It might be an accusation that based upon a great deal of evidence but everything you actually want is stable, undeniable, one hundred%, proof.
7 Simple Steps To Help Make Your Own Mad Hatter Hat

The Mad Hatter was a well-known character in the wonderful book, Alice's Adventure in Wonderland its follow up, Through the Looking Glass. He's specifically appreciated for the chapter within the first book where Alice meets him along with March Hare while having an exciting tea party. Created by Lewis Carroll, this comical character's clothing and physical appearance, have already been a favorite during Halloween and also other costume parties.

The Best Way To Create a Mad Hatter Hat

This iconic hat has already been a favorite accessory throughout outfit parties as well as Halloweens. Simply because of its uncommon shape, many individuals love dressing up using the Hatter's hat. You may be in a position to purchase these hats at costume shops. However, you can also make your own model of the Mad Hatter hat, utilizing a cardboard box along with a bit of creativity.




* Slice a cardboard box to a rectangle. Trace several lines across the cardboard in a lengthwise manner.


* Fold these traces right up until you transform it into a basic round hat.


* Cut across the traced folds for about an inch long. Do that on both sides.


* Acquire an additional cardboard as well as cut a couple of circles, one greater than the other.


* Help make a hole in the middle of the big circle to accommodate your head. Attach this to 1 end of the main hat.


* Obtain the smaller circle and connect it on top of the hat utilizing glue.


* Include a few details like cloth, feathers, or anything at all that you could prefer.



And there you have it; you have your very own outrageous hat.

Mad Hatter Costumes

Many variations of this costume are available in various shops; both online and in actual stores. The most popular these days, originated from the version of Alice in Wonderland, directed by Tim Burton. This costume includes a burgundy jacket, which is occasionally made with fur along with seashell buttons.

The interior section of the costume consists of a plain pink shirt, along with a black vest. Of course, you should not forget the fancy hat that's covered with maroon cloth with some other designs fixed to it. Other important components in the outfit would furthermore include the polka dot bowtie and also the fancy dark brown pants, paired with higher cut black boots.

In the event that you have almost all these kinds of parts fashioned, then you'll surely be ready for just about any costume or even Halloween party. However, you might carry along with you a smaller plate and a teacup for added detail to your costume. You may also wish to have some white makeup to cover your face. For the hair, you might rent or buy a red fluffy wig and voila, you ARE the Hatter!

This is actually simply one of the numerous variations of the Mad Hatter costume. You can purchase children sized outfits, in addition to sexy fitting ones for women who would want to dress up for a Halloween costume get together. You are able to alter these kinds of costumes to whatever you prefer. Simply make sure that you have fun in wearing them and always remember that you're by no means too old to dress up.
8 Creative 50th Birthday Party Ideas For The Woman In Your Life

For an exciting and memorable 50th birthday celebration for a special woman in your life, you can include recorded and live greetings at the celebrant's party, decorate the venue with the many details of her life, put on costumes that were the fad during her youth, serve foods popular in the olden days, customize with a childhood theme the celebrant's cake, show some cartoons that were popular in the 1960s and the 1970s, choose a 50s theme for the party, and go for anything gold.
Turning 50 is an important milestone for any woman. Although it is thrilling to throw a party for a celebrant, the difficult thing about doing it is coming up with an idea that makes it more amusing and worth treasuring. For a fun-filled, exciting and memorable 50th birthday party, here are some unique ideas:
Get sentimental with recorded and live greetings at the party
For a 50th Birthday celebration, one of the many special 50th Birthday Ideas is to play recorded and live greetings at the celebrant's party. Aside from recording wishes and greetings on your own, you can also gather audio messages from the celebrant's family and friends by availing services offered online and compile them on a CD. To add to the surprise, let someone special to the celebrant yet unable to join the party call her during the celebration. To set a sentimental mood for the celebrant, let that someone greet to her live during the party.
Create a memory-filled venue for the party
Women love scrapbooks, magazines, and photos, especially during their early years. A creative idea would be to make the party location a walk down the memory lane of her life. Hang her pictures from childhood to the present, like her school pictures, wedding, family pictures and the like. For table decorations, make copies of her favorite quotes, poems, and song lyrics, as well as enlarge her best portraits from her younger years in large vintage frames. A place like this will definitely be memorable and meaningful.
Put on clothes like in the days she was younger
Encourage your loved one and guests to wear the fashions of the 70s and early 80s to prompt memories and make the event more enjoyable. Make sure to invite her old friends. Look back in time by playing music and party games from those years. Her 50th birthday will surely be fun-filled, and she will enjoy it as much as she enjoyed her birthdays when she was younger.
Serve old-fashioned goodies
On the 50th birthday of the woman who is close to your heart, take the opportunity to relive the good old years. Bring back memories by serving the celebrant her favorite pastries, dishes and candies she used to love when she was young. She will surely enjoy all these goodies with her friends. You may anticipate an evening filled with good humor and good memories.
Consider her favorite childhood theme for her birthday cake
Surprises play a unique role in birthday celebrations. Adorn her birthday cake with her favorite icons and themes from her childhood to make a memorable and surprising 50th birthday celebration. However, make sure that the icon you chose was really her childhood favorite.
Play popular cartoons that were running in the 60s and 70s
Bring out the child in the birthday celebrant by showing cartoon clips popular during her childhood. Show cartoon from the 60s and 70s, like Casper, Mighty Mouse, Go Go Gophers, and George of the Jungle, just to name a few. You will be surprised just by how much she will truly enjoy watching her childhood icons.
Go with the 50s theme
Get into the spirit of 50 during the celebrant's party by using a 50s theme. If it's possible, you can ask her friends and relatives to give their gifts in 50s. For example, if the celebrant is a music lover, one can give her a CD containing 50 songs from her childhood. Another idea is to display 50 kind words that would describe the celebrant and display them on a screen in the venue. You can also have 50 of her family and friends line up and say one adjective each that best describes the celebrant. Whether it is funny, sentimental or serious, it will surely ignite the event.
Go for gold theme
Gold is a radiant color for a 50th birthday, so decorating the party site in gold would be a lovely touch. Give out gold-themed invitations and encourage the guests to use golden paper and trim to wrap their gifts. You can also ask the guest to wear gold clothes, accessories or the like. For this golden birthday, be sure to play golden oldies and, if possible, use golden tableware.
Make sure that the venue is exceptional to make the celebration more sentimental and unique. The venue can be in the celebrant's ancestral house, vacation home, a ferry, or in a luxury hotel. Events like this come once in a lifetime, so throw out the best possible party ever.
12 Christmas Love Quotes to Celebrate the Holiday Season

I'm betting that right about now, everyone can use some Christmas love quotes. Why? Because if you get caught up in the commercialization of Christmas you might forget what the season is truly about. Here are 12 Christmas love quotes to help us remember that December isn't just about presents and tasty treats -- it's about the heart.

1. "I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all year." ~ Charles Dickens

2. "Christmas is most truly Christmas when we celebrate it by giving the light of love to those who need it most." ~ Ruth Carter Stapleton

3. "Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas." ~ Calvin Coolidge

4. "This is Christmas: not the tinsel, not the giving and receiving, not even the carols, but the humble heart that receives anew the wondrous gift, the Christ." ~ Frank McKibben

5. "Our hearts grow tender with childhood memories and love of kindred, and we are better throughout the year for having, in spirit, become a child again at Christmas-time." ~ Laura Ingalls Wilder

6. "When we were children we were grateful to those who filled our stockings at Christmas time. Why are we not grateful to God for filling our stockings with legs?" ~ G.K. Chesterton

7. "Remember, if Christmas isn't found in your heart, you won't find it under a tree." ~ Charlotte Carpenter

8. "It is the personal thoughtfulness, the warm human awareness, the reaching out of the self to one's fellow man that makes giving worthy of the Christmas spirit." ~ Isabel Currier

9. "My idea of Christmas, whether old-fashioned or modern, is very simple: loving others. Come to think of it, why do we have to wait for Christmas to do that?" ~ Bob Hope

10. "The joy of brightening other lives, bearing each others' burdens, easing other's loads and supplanting empty hearts and lives with generous gifts becomes for us the magic of Christmas." ~ W. C. Jones

11. "I am not alone at all, I thought. I was never alone at all. And that, of course, is the message of Christmas. We are never alone. Not when the night is darkest, the wind coldest, the world seemingly most indifferent. For this is still the time God chooses." ~ Taylor Caldwell

12. "Let us keep Christmas beautiful Without a thought of greed, That it might live forevermore To fill our every need, That it shall not be just a day, But last a lifetime through, The miracle of Christmastime That brings God close to you." ~ Anne Schulz

Let these words remind us of what the Christmas season is truly about. It's not gifts and parties and pretty lights. These Christmas love quotes remind us that the Christmas season is, at its core, about love.
12 Scariest Halloween Costume Ideas - Free Freaky Halloween Costume Tips For Trick Or Treat Night

Scariest Halloween costumes – Not all parents is in a financial situation to be spending money they can ill afford on Halloween costumes for their kids, and this is sad for the mom and dad who want to do right by their children this Halloween night, but find their hands tied due to situations. Parents know it's the Halloween costume that's the icing on the cake that will put a smile on their kiddies face but when money is tight what are parents supposed to do. Is the decision to go deeper in debt and buy a scary Halloween costume (ghoul, witch, bat, or vampire) the right thing to do, or, watch their children sit at home disheartened on one of the most exciting nights of the year purely celebrated by kids? Well your troubles are over because the fairy godmother has waved her magic wand and your kids "will go to the ghoul." 

For this to happen you need to make your own freaky outfits so the kids can go trick and treating, in a Halloween costume guaranteed to frighten the pants off anyone they meet. The good thing about making your own creations you can add as much or as less as you like.

Any Halloween costume tailor made to your own liking and with personal bits and bobs attached, and how you use face paint will make your costume by far the best ever on the night.

If you're in a position to splash the cash then you will find plenty of commercial costumes available in shops that deal in fancy dress costumes or other. Scariest Halloween costumes don't come scarier than the Grim Reaper believe me. If you go trick or treating as this character, then there's a possibility your treat bag will fill up quicker than you can imagine because folk will want rid of you mighty fast.

Below are Halloween ideas at an expense you can afford, that's if there is any expense at all because the list below may include items you already have in the home. If this is the case your costume will be free. 

Ghost V Grim Reaper - The most obvious is the white sheet to dress a child or adult as a ghost with eye cut outs and a mouth slit, however because it's a common cheap idea you might want to evade this one. But if you're up for it, then paint a scary face on the sheet. Make sure the sheet is not to long so the child doesn't trip. Tie a rope around the waist with a plastic axe or sword hanging from it... You could dye a white sheet brown, and purchase a cheap plastic scythe and skeleton mask if you want to go trick or treating as the Grim Reaper.

Scarecrow is a fabulous costume for the occasion, and easy to make – Get and over sized shirt and a well worn pair of pants with patches, (make the patches yourself or tear holes in the pants.) Use a rope for the belt and tie some round the cuffs of the sleeves and bottom of the pants. Stuff and pad the shirt and pants with paper, and have little wisps of straw hanging out here and there Add make-up of your choice to make your scarecrow face sad, angry or happy. 

Freaky Old man: You will need dark pants rolled up, shirt, cap or hat, pipe, jacket and walking stick. Grey the hair, with any of the commercial temporary colors, or dust with flour. Make sure what you use is safe and will come out in a wash.

Mummy - Wrap yourself in white bandages (rolls of gauze) you could cut a white sheet up in strips for this instead of buying bandages. Use splotches of green paint for "mould". Use white face paint and draw on some "age lines." If there is to be blood tears then use special red paint purposely created for this. 

Frightening Quasimodo the Hunchback of Notre Dame is one of my all time favorites outfits for a Halloween costume Make and mold the "hunchback" out of foam or use a cushion. Find an old coat that the hump will sit comfortably in, and that is a safe length for your child, as the coat will be of larger size to accommodate the hump. Old, scruffy clothes are best! Carry a bell to make things more realistic so the character appears as he should.

Scary Pirate - Create a fake wooden leg by wrapping your bad one in brown felt. Wear flared trousers with a striped top (black is best.). Tie a bandana (one of mom's scarves) around your head; wear an eye patch you have made yourself with black plastic or felt and thin elastic. Be careful with what fabrics you use by the eye.

Creepy Black Spider - For the legs grab you will need some cheap black hose, stuff with anything dark and light weight. Sew to keep stuffing from falling out. It's a bit like making sausages. This is not to be done while the spider Halloween costume is on the child. Pin or tack stuffed hosing to the garment, add cosmetics for more spider effects 

Eerie Lady Bug - Use a pair of black leggings and black sweat shirt and same color shoes. Use a large piece of cardboard and cut out a large oval. Paint it red with black dots. Staple black elastic pieces (in a loop) onto the board to make arm holes. For the eerie ladybug costume to fall into place you need to add the antennas. For this fasten craft pipe cleaners with black pomp pomes on the ends to a headband. 

Terrifying Serial Killer Stick (glue) cereal boxes to a shirt or sweater, make slits in all the boxes, glue in plastic knives or swords into the slits, drip red paint running down from the knife slits. 

Bloodcurdling Vampire Black Bat - Using a black umbrella and wearing a black leotard, Rip the umbrella in half. Remove the inside and umbrella spikes and discard immediately to avoid any accidents. You can sew the edges of the umbrella to the back of the body for bat wings. Use make- up as needed for what your bat is to look like. 

Chilling Butterfly - Wear a black leotard with matching black shoes. Use a piece of poster board and paint in colors of your own choice. Cut them out in a butterfly wing shape. Punch two holes toward the edges of the wings. Thread black ribbon through them and tie around waist. Affix pipe cleaners and pompoms to a plastic head band. Pompoms are easy to make using wool and cardboard. Ask mom how to do this, and if you are mom and you haven't a clue, then go online for picture details.

Another great money saving idea when dressing kids up in their scariest Halloween costumes is to

Make Your Own Halloween Face Paint 

2 tablespoons of soft shortening 
4 tablespoons of cornstarch 
Food coloring – usual colors for Halloween is normally White - Black - Green and Red being the hot favorite for pretend blood 

Blend ingredients shortening and cornstarch together. Separate the recipe into two cups, add food coloring. Apply a thin coat of cold cream to the entire face before using your homemade Halloween makeup

Now you're ready to go and frighten the life out of all those of them whose door you knock trick or treating. Have you ever heard that saying "Go knock em dead" (excuse the pun,) well before you do make sure they fill your trick or treat bag first.
30th Birthday - 7 Party Themes That Create Lasting Memories

Being 30 is a milestone by itself. There are certain aspects that need cautious deliberation before you get to say yes. For instance, think if this will be an all-adult party. If kids are going to be joining in, then you have to think of wholesome 30th birthday party themes. 

Here is a list of suggested 30th birthday party themes that would surely create lasting memories:

1. When you are 30, then you spent some of your childhood years during the 80's. Why not go retro and try the 80's Era birthday party theme? You could decorate the halls with 45's and you could dress up as Madonna or Tiffany!

2. 30th Birthday Costume Party theme

Costume parties are always a big hit so why not try it on your 30th year? You could dress up as workers and professionals (fireman, doctor, nurse, teacher, etcetera).

3. 30th Birthday Luau Party theme

Where there's luau, there's something Hawaiian. Grass skirts and floral shorts are musts. Plus you could utilize a pool and celebrate the day away with your guests.

4. 30th Birthday Mardi Gras Party theme

As the theme suggests, everything that's related to Mardi Gras is present. Beads, beads, and more beads! Plus lots of colorful streamers.

5. Casino Party theme

As a 30-year old, you have every right to gamble! And yes, you could even use this as your 30th birthday party theme. You could hold baccarat, roulette, poker, and other casino games right at your party!

6. International Themes for your 30th Birthday Party

You could use the cultural themes that are unique in each country. Sample themes are Great Britain theme (where you could dress as nobles and royalties), France theme, Australian theme, and many more. How about Chinese?

7. Colorful 30th Birthday Party theme

Whatever you decide to do on your 30th birthday party, this theme focuses on the color that you need to put in. remember to put bright and vibrant colors.
60s 50s Halloween Costumes | Twiggy Halloween Costume

I have a dream, no I'm not Martin Luther King, my dream is More modest, I wish to Relive the 60's, 70's, and 80's again, Bring back the memories of old times .Bring The Groove Back In Groovy, So I decided this year I'll look for a costume from the 50's or 60's - I love this period!

So I started my search and many wonderful, quality, plus size, costumes, Grabbed my eyes. So I start to Sort, I need a costume from the 50's or 60's decade and it must to math to plus sizes woman. And I found, Here's my choice: Twiggy, I want to dress up as Twiggy The famous model from the 60s, Twiggy fashions in the 1960s were mainly brief, bare, and daring.

I know that as a plus size woman that it may be look a little strange but its Halloween everything is legitimacy. The supermodel wore everything from miniskirts to shift dresses, go-go boots to funky print dresses, and sequins to plaid. Therefore, my abilities are wide.

I decided to adopt the look from her red photo, I found myself a Shift red dress, which offered by plus size Halloween costumes store, additionally I buy a Twiggy Wig, blond wig and red, magnificent, go-go boots. But I know that including to get the most closely look to 60s famous model Twiggy I need to put some intension on the make-up issue. 

Twiggy's eyes were big, bold, and beautiful. Therefore, I will be need to:
False eyelashes, very long false eyelashes and some glue, mascara that makes my lashes longer, thicker, and separates, Eyeliner and very pale pink lipstick. 

That's all!! Now I ready to the 60s Halloween party, I will probably met: John Lennon, Characters from Star Trek, marlin monro and more famous character from the 50s 60s decade. so here is my 2009 Halloween costume ,I hope that I will be the most original costume in the party after all Twiggy in a plus size, you don't see it every day. Be sure that Twiggy looks are still popular even in a plus size. That is my Experiences with my 60s 50s Halloween costume.
60s And 70s Theme Party

When you think of parties, one very important picture comes to mind: disco dancing! For you, a party is boring if the venue isn't noisy, if there's no music and if there are no people on the dance floor. That's why no matter what, every party that you plan is bustling with excitement. You always make sure that you have a unique party theme so that the guests will always remember their fun time.

This time, you've run out of ideas for a cool party theme. You still want it to be filled with music, but the problem is you've tried almost every modern theme possible. If this is your dilemma, why not try to go back in time? You can do a groovy 60's and 70's party theme! The 60's and 70's are loved by many people because they were the decades when disco, bell-bottomed pants, tie-dye and bright and flashy outfits became extremely popular.

Groovy Fun. It's hard not to party when you've got a 60's and 70's party theme. You'll surely find the disco balls, the bright lights, and the party mood very infectious, and you can't help but get groovy on the dance floor. Of course, you need to make sure that you've got all the fun retro and disco essentials. Here are several helpful tips to help you organize a successful and smashing 60's and 70's party.

The Dance Floor Calls: Groovy Party Invitations. If you lack time and you don't want to spend too much money, you can easily purchase ready-made invitations with retro and disco designs from party supply stores. However, if you want to be a bit more creative, use other materials for your invitations. For example, you can print the party details on a tie-dyed T-shirt, and then hand-deliver them to the guests. Another way is to attach the party details to a smiley face beanbag key chain before delivering them to the guests.

Setting a Retro Trend: Venue Decorations. The venue is very important when it comes to a 60's or 70's party. You need to make sure that it's spacious enough to hold your guests, but would also have a large dance floor area. You can hold the party in a hotel function room, a restaurant or, if it's a university event, in the gym.

Once you've got a venue, you need to put up the right party decorations. Beaded curtains, colorful ribbons, streamers and balloons are very appropriate. You can also hang up posters featuring scenes and popular musicians of the 60's and 70's. The lights are also important for the venue, so put black lights, neon lights and lava lamps all over the place. A disco ball on the dance floor is also a must-have!

The "Hippie" Retro Look: Costumes for the Party. You can't go to a retro party and not dress up, right? Put together your favorite 60's or 70's getup, including bell-bottomed pants, tie-dyed or bright shirts, glow jewelry, bead necklaces, smiley jewelry, bandannas and platform shoes. You can also tease up your hair in a large afro style or pull it back with a hippie headband. It's up to you to mix and match. As long as you look groovy, you're ready to party.

Retro Munchies: The Party Food. Good food is needed for any retro party, and most 60's and 70's parties usually include one popular food item: fondue.

Prepare fondue with different kinds of flavors, including cheese, teriyaki and spicy chicken. Munchies such as chips and onion dip from scratch is also a good choice. As for the drinks, stick to soda, such as Coke, Dr. Pepper and 7-Up.

Retro Fun: Party Activities. Dancing is the main attraction of 60's and 70's parties, so you should play good disco music from these decades during the party.

If you want to play games, charades is a fun option, using categories that are based on the 60's and 70's. A karaoke contest would also be very enjoyable.

Now that you know what you're going to need for your 60's and 70's party, what are you waiting for? Start planning a groovy, hippie and enjoyable retro party! organizing it may be time consuming, but once you see the outcome and see everyone having fun, you'll definitely think that it was all worth it. Have fun!
