Expressive Arts Therapy For Elderly Patients

"I just got all around the music and let it get all around me.” This is the way Lorna Smith, a resident at Hazel I. Findlay Country Manor in Saint Johns, Michigan, described her experience during one of the regular music therapy sessions offered by music therapist and gerontologist Dr. Stephen Hale. 

The program facilitates long-term care for residents who suffer from Alzheimer's and other severe dementia-causing disorders. Like Smith, many of these residents, who daily battle against decreasing levels of cognitive functioning, perk up immediately as soon as Dr. Hale starts to strum his guitar. Suddenly animated, many of them begin to laugh and smile, clapping and nodding their heads in time to the rhythm. While many residents typically have trouble maintaining focus and remaining alert, as soon as Dr. Hale begins a music therapy session they make eye contact with him easily. When the music starts, their former listlessness and agitation quickly disappears. 

"Music therapy in a long-term care setting has a particular value for residents who become isolated, withdrawn and depressed," says Vicki Ritz, the program's director of nursing. 

Alzheimer's patients are not the only ones whose lives have been significantly improved by music, art, and dance therapy. The treatment has been shown to benefit people suffering from a wide range of disorders, including schizophrenia, aphasia, autism, Tourette Syndrome, and Parkinson's disease. 

Elaine Hall, who adopted her autistic son, Neal, from a Russian orphanage when he was 2-years-old, has made it her mission to bring art therapy to children who have difficulty expressing themselves. 

“I wanted to teach theater and dance to kids with autism, cerebral palsy,” attention-deficit disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder and Tourette syndrome, she said, “anything that gets somebody kicked out of everywhere else.” 

Hall, who has been dubbed “the child whisperer” because of her knack for engaging children in performance, founded the Miracle Project as a way to carry out her mission. Formerly an acting coach for Hollywood film and television stars, Hall now prefers to focus her attention on the very young. The Mircale Project, “a musical theater and video arts program for children of all abilities celebrating music, dance, story and culture,” produced a documentary called “Autism: The Musical” that HBO released in 2008. The film chronicles the struggles of a group of autistic children and their families as they get ready to put on a show. 

“The first 11 weeks were so chaotic, kids were literally hiding under tables and spinning around in circles,” Hall recalls, then whispers: “Then all of a sudden they start coming together as a group. We wrote a play. We learned songs. We wore costumes. We no longer talked about Steven hiding under tables. We we're saying, ‘O.K., what role do you think Steven should play?' ”

Today, as many as seventy universities across the country offer arts therapy programs. Once considered a dubious science at best, expressive arts therapy is now understood to be an important tool in the therapeutic process. Many researchers believe that this is due in large part to the neurological effects of music and dance. Rhythm stimulates activity in parts of the brain that control cognitive function. By promoting communication and facilitating the development of motor skills and synaptic reorganization, music and dance therapy can foster rehabilitation after a stroke or severe brain injury. 

Music therapy is also proven to produce calming effects on the body and mind, slowing blood pressure and decreasing heart rate, blood pressure, depression, and anxiety. Because emotional wellbeing plays an important part in overall healing, expressive arts therapy is likewise an important part of the healing process. Dancing and making art and music also have a social impact that helps individuals to feel confident to express themselves and connect with others around them. Music therapists call this the “ripple effect,” a term coined by Mercedes Pavlicevic and Gary Ansdell to describe music's ability to naturally attract people and create larger social contexts. 

Dr. Mike Crawford, professor of Psychological Medicine at Imperial College, who studies the medical effects of creative therapies, says that at times when patients are struggling with illness they “may find it difficult to express themselves using words, but through the skill of the therapist it may be possible to help people interact…in a way that is constructive, creative and enjoyable.” 

Whether battling illness or not, just about anyone can benefit from the transformative power of art.
Do You Long To Slip Into Silk And Satin Slips

Do you or your partner love soft silky slips and exquisite silk lingerie? Maybe it's just that you love the finer things in life, a little luxury or that special romantic treat for yourself or the one you love. You may just like dressing in sexy sensuous fabrics when chilling out relaxing at home.

Perhaps for you nothing can compare with the feeling you get when you slip into pure silk or soft smooth satin slips and lingerie. Maybe you just adore the way those silky pieces of underwear feel against your skin so delicate and feminine to the touch. The feeling of all that pretty lace or silky satin ribbon adorns the hem and bodice of a full silk slip may be heaven to you.

Or could your pleasure of these intimate under things originate from how they look? Beauty being in the eyes of the beholder as they say. After all a gorgeous satin full slip trimmed with elegant lace admittedly does make a beautiful piece of lingerie. The way it enhances the female form caressing it in folds of shimmering silk or satin that seem to flow with every movement, a sight to behold indeed. Some of the most beautiful silk slips trimmed with contrasting coloured lace such as black with white or vice versa look absolutely stunning. These stark visual contrast of lace on silk or satin are a slip lovers delight.

For many slip admirers just the idea of a woman wearing one can be enough to induce a thrill. Does the sight of some feminine lace just below the hem of a skirt trigger your imagination? Maybe it's the outline of smooth satin trimmed with delicate lace under a pure white blouse that does it. Those silken strands of satin ribbon barely visible from the front and the smooth satin slip under crisp white cotton silhouetted at the back.

If you love the look and feel of these feminine creations in silk, satin or nylon you are not on your own. There is some great news for all you slip lovers out there. The humble slip is making a long overdue fashion comeback once again to the delight of its devotees. Many of the online lingerie stores are now offering a huge selection of silky slips in every style and colour in all your favorite slinky fabrics.

A beautiful silk or satin slip makes a gift that will appeal to any woman and you will find a style for every occasion. Whether she prefers long and elegant in soft smooth satin or short and sexy in pure lace trimmed silk you are sure to find just the thing. Even if the lady in question doesn't wear slips under her clothes don't worry because a full satin slip or silk chemise will always double up as a feminine slinky nightgown.

So whether you are buying for yourself or that special someone you will find plenty to choose from in your size and colour. Thanks to the superb quality of the online slip and lingerie catalogues you can see beautful clear pictures of all the delicate lacy detail and satin ribbons before you buy. The online lingerie stores make finding and buying your silky satin slips a real pleasurable experence, so you can go ahead and enjoy your online lingerie shopping. Purchasing silk and satin online is easy and you can rest assured that the suppliers of these lovely feminine garments will fully respect your confidentiality.
Do You Want A Pirate Wench Costume?

Pirate wench costumes are excellent garments to wear for costume parties. Depending on the style, the complete pirate's costume is composed of five parts. These are the top cloth, the bottom cloth, footwear, corset and the pirate costume accessories. The last two are optional.

Examples of famous pirate costume accessories are the boots, scarves, hats, swords, eye patch, earrings, cutlass, boot buckles, pistols, boot covers, and shorts. They should complement well with the pirate costume to exude your beauty and fashion. In most cases, the pirate outfits are sexy.

For the bottom cloth, you can choose a skirt or a pair of pants. There are some costumes that come with sexy tops such as wired bra. There are also styles that come with gorgeous blouses. A wench pirate costume can also come in fashionable dresses.

A captain booty pirate costume is composed of a headscarf, shrugged with lace sleeves, under wired top bra-for the top cloth-and gartered skirt-for the bottom cloth. Besides the headscarf, belt and stocking are also an important part of the pirate costume accessories.

Deluxe pirate wench costumes come with lace-up pirate wench corset, off-the-shoulder white blouse and a sexy skirt. A pair of Boot Covers completes the costume. If you love adventure while maintaining your chic image, you can try the bounty of the seas costumes.

This set features laced-up bodice blouse, skirt, waist sash and headband. A pirate's necklace and a weapon can both be nice accessories. There is also the famous Ruby the Pirate beauty costume. It comes with corset-styled top with attached sleeves, skirt, hip wrap and a head tie. 

Another cool set of costume is called the sassy pirate costume. Its style is composed of a white dress, a pair of black leggings, black lace gloves, faux pearl necklaces and sunglasses. You can opt for a sword to complement the style.

There are also pirate wench costumes to portray the royalty. A royal pirate lady costume comes with a fabulous dress with meticulously-detailed vest, blousy sleeves with matching cuffs and a pirate hat.

In the pirate world just like what had been portrayed on the movies, playful and naughty girls are present. If you wish to dress like a slightly naughty pirate, you can wear a playboy style pirate costume. It features a tie-back underwear bra with adjustable straps, removable bra pads and red bow in front. It is matched with cropped jacket with lace and some detailing, lace-layered skirt with belt, and a jeweled trim that attaches the bra to the skirt.

To complete its accessories, you can have a hat with feathers and gold-plated and white jewel. A pair of black boot covers renders the entire costume stunning.

There are also several choices for sassy Victorian pirate wench costumes. It is composed of a gorgeous dress having long bell sleeves and a matching pirate hat. You can also go to the party with a sword to accentuate your style. 

If your size is a little bit beyond regular, there is no need to worry. There are several plus size costumes to choose from. Pirate wench costumes can also be worn by children and men. When you plan to go to any costume party, being a pirate is an excellent choice.
Doctors And Nurses Fancy Dress Costume Ideas

Regardless whether as a part of a much wider fancy dress theme or a doctors and nurses party (or enjoyment at home) this theme is definitely an old favorite. The outfits are nothing but old still, the selection is magnificent and there are certainly several very hilarious costume ideas for men of all ages and a handful very attractive ones for the women.

Nurse Fancy Dress Costumes are so far from your unattractive blue scrubs that modern day nurses slip on in reality. This isn't primarily disappointing for the gentlemen who spend time in the hospital, it also can make it very difficult to locate a decent nurse's dress-up costume without going to a costume retail outlet!

Being fashionable as a nurse is actually a great fun means to get involved with the groove of things at any gathering. Team up with several nurse friends and tour the room providing bed baths, be a nurse of death at halloween, approach your favourite doctor and ask if he would like to play doctors and nurses or team up with a doctor and bring a good sized syringe (without the needle and filled with water) to threaten people by it if they can't “conduct themselves”.

Don't forget that a nurse costume is certainly acknowledged as one of the sexiest around. Several of the nurse costumes are much more moderate but more are certainly a little wild and others are most definitely with the sex kitten class.
Dracula Cape

Nothing beats celebrating the Halloween season than being the famous and classic vampire of all time, the Count Dracula. The well-known Dracula has given us more than screams and frights than a lot of famous monsters and creatures. This Halloween, it would be nice to dress up as the medieval Count that everyone loves and fears. Instead of wearing a Halloween fancy dress, try to surprise your friends with a classic Dracula costume.

Here is a brief history of how the Count Dracula came to be. Count Dracula is a fictional character that was created in the earlier times based on a novel in the 80's. Since then, the name Dracula can be associated with vampirism, mysteriousness, the gothic and the likes. As the ancient legends say, Dracula originated from Transylvania, Romania, a small town in a small country. Buried deep in the catacombs of his castle, he comes back after a long period of slumber and starts spreading terror by victimizing young ladies in their sleep. Legend has it that he could also use sorcery to hypnotize a person and put him under his spell, allowing him to take control of that person.

Dracula is a pretty common Halloween costume. however, you could always make it unique and special in your own ways. In order to dress up as Dracula, you have to have the appropriate Halloween accessories for people to recognize you as such. One of the things you must have would be a long, free flowing Dracula cape. Dracula is usually portrayed to have a long jet black cape with a sharp stand-up collar accentuating the eeriness of this mysterious being. You could search in the internet for possible versions of the Count Dracula, but you rarely see ones without a cape, so keep in mind that you have to wear a cape in order to be him. You could find Dracula capes in novelty shops and costume stores near you. You could also try purchasing pre-made Dracula capes in the internet. Keep in mind that if you are ordering through the Internet, you must consider the time it takes for the cape to be delivered, so you have to order ahead of time. Capes are usually colored black and blood red, although you can also find some of various colors such as blue and purple. Capes in black are usually the most common, since it reinforces the idea of the Count Dracula being a creature of the Night. The fabric is usually made of silk and satin, but it can also be made of velvet. Velvet capes look better and classier, but they are usually expensive, so you might as well settle for satin or silk. Some capes are colored blood red on the other side; this emphasizes the costume and makes it more elegant and classy. Unlike most capes with flawless black surface, some have strange patterns and embellishments on the surface that make the cape look detailed and intricate.

Whatever cape you choose, you should always have to consider the "attitude" when wearing the costume. Have fun practicing some of his lines with his famous Transylvanian accent.
Dreaming With Black Dresses?

The colors in dreams suggest the same symbol as they are known in life, therefore, can be applied to clothing or costumes and clothes in general. The characteristics of the clothing are what make the meaning of the dream, as it can be of various shapes, colors and materials and may appear in very different situations. What if you dream with black dresses?

- When a man dreams of a suit to your needs, or is female, a dress, success means close, if it appears clean. 
- But to see it torn or soiled is a warning about the presence of enemies who want to damage it. 
- Dreamed dressed in black suggests that soon will change their fortunes.
- Dreamed in black suits suggests nearby, difficulties, misunderstandings and generally annoying and difficult situations to resolve.
- Dream seniors dressed in black suggests that the dreamer or a family member in poor health.
- Dreamed dress all in black coming changes suggests unsatisfactory and may even be harmful, all related to health.

More about dreams and fashion dresses

When you dream you are wearing black dresses in a ridiculous manner, this suggests that the dreamer is unwilling to modern ideas and practices, i.e., which is very conservative. Dreamed dress fashionable is a good dream, it means good friends, win-win situations, and matched healthy love, successful businesses, etc.

Dreamed of buying or premiering new clothes and good black style presentation, either man's suit or dress of a woman, means that there would be changes in the life of the dreamer. By contrast, when the color of clothing is gray it means unfavorable changes (sadness, poverty, disappointment, etc.). 

Back to normal life, when combined wisely, it means happiness and success, particularly social. The color black in clothing means change toward the spiritual or intellectual, always looking for high levels. When a woman dreams of wearing black dresses that are ruined it may mean she will need to overcome misunderstandings with people, if, by contrast, she is wearing a beautiful black dress, it means future success, especially in social relations depending on the environment in which to unfold. 

Many believe that white is better, since it is linked to young women announced for promises of love and friendship for women over sincere and affectionate. But black is still cool. Note that if the dress is black, it may suggest that there is jealousy and selfishness around you. In short, black dresses suggest upcoming changes and ups and downs, that is, some people express their estimate while others attack.
Dress For Your Skin Tone

Man and women have asked me this exact question in most of the time about, "What colour dress best for your skin tone?" and believe it or not, there is a fairly simple answer. All you need to know is what kind of skin tone you have. Then enhance your beauty by dressing in clothes that best complement your skin. Eye colour is a wild-card factor; in the cases where eye colour strongly contrasts a man's complexion and hair colour, it can be used to introduce colours that would otherwise have not compliment an individual. So Eye colour and Skin tone can help you guide in the selection of clothing. 

There are 3 kinds of skin tones to consider: Warm, Cool and neutral.
To find this out try this test, check the inside of your wrist; if the veins appear greenish this indicates you have yellow undertones and thus would have a warm skin tone. Veins that appear to be more bluish indicate a cool skin tone. If you can't determine your skin tone after the test then it means you fall under neutral skin tone.

Cool skin tone usually has a pale, rosy, ebony, or dark-red cast to skin.
Warm skin tone usually has a yellow, golden, and honey tones in their skin.
Neutral skin tone if you have a blend of both, or are more olive toned.

Another good indicator of tone is how easily one tans. If you tan easily, chances are you have a warm tone. If you are at the complete opposite end of the spectrum, unable to tan at all, then you more than likely have a cool tone.

Still having trouble deciding what your tone is? Then take a look at your eye color. If you have blue or green eyes, then there's a good chance you have a cool tone to your skin. Do you have warm brown eyes, or hazel? Then it's more likely you have a warm tone

So when in doubt, follow these few rules for easy dressing up that will give you an exquisite elegant look .

Brown Eyes with Green Tones- If you have a hint of green in your eyes, you'll want to bring it out. Purple, especially plum, is the ideal colour to do this.

Dark or brown skin with cool blue undertones is enhanced by bold, vivid, primary colours or icy, cool pastels. Consider wearing cool colours such as soft navy, true white, blue reds, royal blues, fuchsia, lemon yellow, hot pink and blue greens.
Lighter skin tone. The basics include soft white, pale or medium blues, aquas and teals, pinks, violets, pearl greys and fresh reds like watermelon. That navy is actually a soft, light version and best on you with a pastel or red rather than white it brings the elegant and exquisite looks anytime of the day.
Black dresses are very popular choices in many women's wardrobe because of the flattering nature and versatility of the dresses to be worn to a variety of occasions. Black dresses seem to provide a more flattering look for a lot of women rather if it is the dress that makes a skinnier appearance or brings out more colours from the skin, hair, and other features. 
Black is a classic dress colour, and neutrals like taupe and sand are popular as well. Neutral colours have a timeless look.

Red can look feminine, but it's also associated with anger, passion and heat. Red colour is great as an evening dress. 

Yellow can be tricky, but it's such a pretty colour! I'd suggest finding few shades you really like and narrowing it down from there. Yellow and gold colours are not suitable for men with pale skin tone, but look great for blonde hair men or brown and dark skin tone men. It brings out the radiance on these men's face.

Green is a good candidate for mixing fabrics and textures because it's a good blending colour. Green, red, yellow, and tan are also good colours to match and wear. Pink, purple, and pastel colours come and go but can be very stylish. Green represents growth, freshness, prosperity and hope. 

Brown dresses are elegant and stylish and can serve as a lovely alternative to black dresses. With a range of colours suitable for any season, brown dresses are becoming more and more fashionable.

Darker blues offer great alternatives to black for a slimming colour. Lighter shades of blue create a fun mood. Dark shirts with light suits can be accomplished, but pulling this off requires skill. High contrast men are always complimented by strong ties that stand out from the shirt. 

Champagne is an excellent choice because while it has pink undertones, it appears white in pictures. If you have darker skin and want a soft white, diamond white is the best way to go. Champagne is gorgeous but it can be a tough colour to pull off. But so can a million other colours and styles.

Build a wardrobe around colours that celebrate your features and make getting ready for the day fun and simple.
Dress Up Like Gene Simmons!

Gene Simmons is a legend and crazed KISS fans have followed his life as closely as they have followed is ever changing dresses and on stage persona. In 1973 gene Simmons costume was a rented sailor's suit for the audition for Epic records. This definitely did not match the demonic persona that he displayed on the stage. It soon gave way to the skull and crossbones t-shirt with black glitter pants and a leather jacket. This was the Gene Simmons costume for the first couple of years of his joining KISS.

Gene Simmons costume kept changing and evolving from 1974 to 1989 when he parted from the band KISS. In 1974, Simmons changed his look several times combining items from his costumes in different ways. The t-shirt now had batwings under the arms and the back of the shirt is where the earlier skull and crossbones disappeared to. The bat wings became a part of Gene Simmons costumes from now on and went on from clothes to make-up, always prevalent. Black leather pants with thigh holes and bat shaped studs in the crotch area were also worn throughout the year. Gene Simmons costume was not complete without leather chokers; these looked like simple dog collars in leather with a single row of spiked studs.

Leather overall costumes made the band sweat profusely and the wet costumes were difficult to dry without getting stiff. Later, Simmons is seen wearing tights under the leather pants which is evident form the covered thigh holes probably due to this discomfort. 1974 also witnessed a Gene Simmons costume with a diamond shaped opening in the front of the leather jacket. If it was an invention to get some air or just another innovation to the costumes look is hard to determine. The ‘hotter than hell' photo session saw an entirely different Gene Simmons costume, a leather outfit with a medieval look and large round studs in rows. He added to this two spiked cuffs and a red cape. Shoulder pads and leather pants where adapted from his earlier looks. 

The ‘Love gun' Gene Simmons costume became a rage with fans in 1977/78. A black leotard open at the chest and with thigh holes was as usual. To this he added a leather outfit with quadrangular golden studs down the front and on the cod piece. Chains hanged around his bare chest and were attached to the collar on his neck. Golden studded cuffs and batwings completed the costume. Monster boots with pyramid shaped studs were equally evolving during every stage performance and tour.

Though Gene Simmons costumes kept changing and evolving throughout his entire stage career, what remained unchanged was his on stage persona. The demonic persona mixed with the heady music praising sex on ear shattering amplifiers put fans through frenzy! Gene lived up to the demon style and breathed fire on stage. He is also famous for the elaborate ‘bat' make up and the tongue sticking out! No Halloween party is complete without a Gene Simmons Costume complete with a painted face or a mask with the famous 7” tongue sticking out at you!
Easter Angel Traditions And Celebrations

Spring is around the corner and that means Easter is approaching. This is a very special time; it doesn't just mean Easter eggs, it also means remembering commemorating the role of angels in the past. There is a long tradition of celebrating Easter with pageants and Passion Plays featuring children wearing angel costumes and a set of real wings! 

Angels have brought messages to our Earth from Heaven and of course, played a very important role at Easter. When Mary Magdalene visited the tomb of Jesus, there was an earthquake. She found a startling white angel with the most beautiful wings, sitting on a stone outside the tomb.

The stone had been moved by the angel (some said the stone must have weighed around 12 tons) and the tomb was open. Inside, the body of Jesus had gone. Two more angels were waiting inside the tomb when Mary went inside. She realized that a very special occurrence had happened to Jesus. 

Around the world, there are different ways that this incident is remembered.

A special role for an angel takes place in Spain, at the Volatin and Angel Easter Celebrations. They are held in the Tudela- Navarne village over the period of a few days. At 10am, on Holy Easter Saturday, the Volatin (a wooden or rag doll) has a firework placed in its mouth. Then, once lit, it is publicly shaken until it falls to the ground and is destroyed. This simple part of the ceremony is to represent the fall and suicide of Judas, who betrayed Jesus to the Roman soldiers. 

The second part of the ceremony starts at 9am on Easter Sunday. Thousands of people crowd into the Plaza De Los Fueros Square for the Bajada Del Angel spectacle.

One lucky chosen child is dressed up as a beautiful Angel. Then the 'Angel' is flown through the air over the heads of the crowd towards a wonderful statue of the Virgin Mary. Mary's head is covered by a black cloth which represents her mourning for the death of Jesus. The 'Angel' removes the black cloth from the Virgin Mary, much to the joy of the crowds. This action represents the expression of wonder and joy for the resurrection of Christ. 

In England, Victorian parents would give their children beautiful Angel jigsaw puzzles or Angel sliding puzzles at Easter time. The Easter Pageant or the Passion Play is a celebration we love today, and we cherish the memories from our childhoods when we got to wear angel dresses, halos and wings.

Today, we send Angel cards to our friends and family for Easter to show how much we love and care for them. Angels have been part of our history for centuries, in paintings, stories, toys, and celebrations, providing feelings of peace and strength. At Easter they especially play a very important role for many of us. and long may that last.
Easy Homemade Centerpieces To Dress Your Party Table

Create a one of a kind table display with homemade centerpieces that will add a wow factor without breaking your budget.

The perfect centerpiece can set the mood and ambience of your party and create an unforgettable eye-catching focal point. From a touch of elegance to a splash of fun, you can choose ideas that will add creativity and charm and make your party decor unique.

While the effects of that absolutely perfect centerpiece cannot be underestimated, the cost is often significant, eating away the majority of your decoration budget. But, by gathering together a few simple and easy to find supplies, you can create your own table decorations for a fraction of the cost while also adding your own personal touch.

Flowers and Candles

The versatility of flowers make them the ideal centerpiece choice. The right combination can create elegance and sophistication, charm and comfort, or celebration and fun. Add the warm glow of a candle to create a relaxing atmosphere or a touch of luxury and romance. For a country feel, fill a ¼ bushel basket with flowers or a potted plant, or fill a large mason jar with snapdragons and wildflowers. Glass vases or tumblers filled with water, colored stones, silk flowers, and topped with a floating candle make an elegant centerpiece that is both inexpensive and easy to assemble.

Are you hosting a Thanksgiving party? By simply hollowing out a pumpkin and filling it with seasonal flowers, you can create the perfect table decoration for your Fall gathering. Or, clean out mini pumpkins and gourds, put a tea light inside each, and arrange artistically on a mirrored tile. Scatter a few small pine cones or acorns, and you will have a beautiful centerpiece that will complement your Thanksgiving décor.

Planning a ladies tea? Fill teapots and teacups with dainty flowers and arrange the cups elegantly around the teapot to design a beautiful focal point. Enhance your Valentine's day table with a centerpiece created with a large glass bowl filled with scented water and floating roses.

Flower-filled metal watering cans make great centerpieces for a garden party, or for an even more affordable option, wrap a terra cotta pot in ivy and place a flowering plant inside.

Balloon Arrangements

Balloons make beautiful centerpieces and can be made into small bouquets or larger arrangements that float above the table and don't obstruct the view of guests during dinner conversations.

For a Valentine's Day celebration, tie a few heart-shaped helium balloons together with a long ribbon and anchor them inside a vase or champagne glass filled with cinnamon hearts or candy grams.

Star-shaped balloons arranged in a metal bucket or wicker basket make the perfect centerpiece for a birthday, anniversary, or retirement party. Personalize with a floral pick and add in a few sprigs of glittery ribbon to match your color scheme, and you will have a simple, yet beautiful, arrangement.

Planning a kids party? Make a bouquet of cheery, bright colored balloons and then have a little fun drawing a smiley face on each balloon. Are you celebrating a new graduate? Use small balloons to build a tower and attach pictures of the guest of honor. Place a grad cap on top, weave in a few ribbons and you will have an amazing centerpiece that your guests will admire.

Other Unique Ideas

While balloons and flowers are a popular centerpiece choice, with a little creativity you can use other items to make your table decorations truly unique. For a baby shower, simply build a pyramid from large baby blocks and place a stuffed toy on top. Fill a large bowl with water, cover the bottom with rocks, add a little greenery, and float a few rubber ducks on top.

Treasure chests filled with chocolate coins and draped in costume jewelry and beads make the perfect centerpiece for a pirate themed party. Pin colorful buttons to small pumpkins, add a few silk leaves, tie a raffia bow around the stem, and watch your Thanksgiving table come to life.

Fill a sand pail with lollipops for a kids party. Wrap a ribbon around a stack of classic books and place a grad hat on top for a special graduation decoration. A vase filled with peacock feathers, willow branches, cattails, and twigs, makes a classic and versatile centerpiece that can be enjoyed long after your party is over.

Using simple and inexpensive items, you can design and create beautiful homemade centerpieces that will enhance any party table.
Easy To Make Halloween Costumes For Kids

Mothers can find halloween a busy time of year. They will now have to be concerned with getting goodies for Trick and Treat, Halloween parties, decorations and costumes for the kids apart from the typical cooking and managing of the household. If a woman barely has the time to brush her hair, then how is she supposed to do these other things? Don't fret, supermom, here are some no-fuss, easy-to-make halloween costumes for kids that will have you thanking your lucky stars. And, oh, your kids will love you for them too.

1. Cartoon/TV/Movie Character

The simplest costume to make is something that is already made for you. The clothes that are found in your children's closet will allow them to dress up as characters which is fantastic and convenient. Don't tell your kid to dress up as Bugs Bunny or something. Here are several characters that you and your child will adore.

Rainbow Bright

Everyone adores this cheerful ray of sunshine. And all you'll need is a brightly-colored skirt, an equally bright shirt, rainbow knee-high socks and you're all set! Oh, and don't forget the pigtails and the star sticker on your daughter's cheek.

Harry Potter/Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

Alright. Countless kids might go as the famous kids from Hogwarts, but if your tiny tot insists on dressing up as one, then fantasic for you! All you'll need is a black toga (a black cloth will do), a wand and a pair of glasses for Harry. If your daughter is going as Hermione, just mess her hair up into tangled curls. If your son wants to be Ron, just put an orange wig on him - if he isn't already a redhead.

Ninja

If your son or daughter likes karate, then why don't you suggest a ninja costume for him/her? All that your little one needs is an all-black outfit and a black face mask (an old knit hat with holes for the eyes and nose would be good enough).

2. Animals

If your kid urges you to make an animal costume for him or her, you should not freak out. You do not have to sew a whole cow costume to make your child happy. You can utilize face paint to draw whiskers, snouts and other effects. And for floppy ears for your puppy? You can always find headbands with different kinds of animal ears on them. Alternatively, you could make some ears out of some cardboard and colored paper. For the body, dress your kids up in solid colors. For example, all white for your kitten and brown for your puppy.

3. Prince/Princess

Oh, you're lucky if your child wants to go as a Prince or Princess - it's the easiest costume! All you'll need is a frilly dress or a regular tux and a crown.

Here is a tip: Start thinking about your costumes several weeks before Halloween. This time will allow you and your kid to brainstorm ideas about costumes that will be easy to make and both you and your kid will like. Remember, on Halloween, costumes are vital for your children. Make sure you decide on one that your son or daughter will be proud of.

Good luck with your trick or treating and stay safe.
Egyptian Queen Costume, Make Men Of The World Obsessed With International Costume

Egyptian Queen Costume
How about a Cleopatra costume(Egyptian Queen Costume). This is a fairly simple costume and even the make up - which adds oodles of drama and character - is easy to do at home. You can choose what type of costume you 
like, if you're concerned about modesty, choose a beautiful flowing dress with heavy jewelry. If not, you can choose a more sassy look. She will definitely rule the party in classic Egyptian style, bringing a touch of the hot Egyptian sunshine into whatever room she enters.
Apart from the simple wig, make-up and jewelry to complete your Cleopatra costume, try out some bronzing powder to give a more authentic and sun kissed appearance to this lovely queen of Egypt! Egyptian costumes don't 
have to be too expensive to look good, and with either draping robes or skimpier outfits, they can work in any season.

Beer Girl Costumes
Beer Girls are showing up to bars all across world and are having the times of their lives. They walk into the bar and everything stops. Guys are breaking their necks just to get a look at the beer girls.They walk in with a certain sexy swagger as they own the bar. These sexy girls are wearing these low cut green skirts with their Heineken logo right below their cleavage are they are ready to party.

Serving Wench costume
If you are looking for an original costume idea for Halloween then a tavern wench costume might be what you are after. So what exactly is a tavern wench ?
Well, it's basically a period costume but has many modern variations on the theme. A tavern wench is a woman or girl that serves in a tavern, Inn or Pub. She is basically the focal point of many of the patrons attentions because she either serves them a "frosty brew", dispenses advice or is simply pleasing on the eye.
A tavern wench from olden times might wear a peasant top with a bustier or corset on top. She will wear an ankle length skirt. She may wear a cloth cap or bonnet. Her costume accentuates her figure which she uses to charm the patrons of the tavern.
There are all sorts of tavern wench costumes that are more modern. These include Oktoberfest serving wench costumes which are fairly accurate representations of the real servers at the annual Munich beer festival. A 
derivation on this theme is the Lederhosen serving wench, who wears the knickerboker pants and braces instead of a skirt. These costumes can be really sexy and ideal if you are the host of a party.
Elements To Think Of Regarding This Halloween Night Season

In a little while it will be the Halloween season. Every person that participates with Halloween celebrations and party going will be searching to buy the newest halloween costume. The hottest halloween costume most times is an imitation of a celebrated character from the most up-to-date released Hollywood films from the present year. For people searching to come across these new and interesting costumes there are lots of stores to look to as well as the option of making the outfit yourself.

Halloween costumes are not very expensive to purchase. This is almost certainly the rationale why there are some people that invest in brand new outfits year in and year out. The typical individual can afford to invest in a new costume each year. The price for youngster outfits is comparatively cheap and the charge for grownup outfits is somewhat higher. The reasonably priced pricing of these outfits keep the excitement in Halloween and makes the time of year thrilling each year.

If you would rather not spend extra money on Halloween outfits this particular year then maybe you would be better off considering designing your own otherwise using a pattern. There are lots of patterns that can be purchased that will construct a very nicely designed costume. Finally if you do not want to utilize a store bought pattern then its a great thing to create your own halloween costume your own style. You would have to have good sewing skills to design a fantastic costume though.

Possibly the best place to look for Halloween suppliers is local party retail shops within your area. Whether they are within the indoor shopping mall or nearby strip mall most all party retail shops have many different styles of Halloween outfits. Usually folks are cynical about shopping for outfits locally because the Halloween event they have been invited to might have other people that might be wearing the same halloween costume which you have on. Some people have a problem wearing what someone else is wearing and some do not.

If you have a problem possibly wearing the same costume someone else may be wearing then a different idea is to look on the internet for outfits. There are countless online merchants that have a vast selection of outfits to pick from. They many times have more to choose from than your local stores.

The only downfall with buying online is probably sizing. You will not have the opportunity to understand how a halloween costume fits you by ordering online. For this particular reason if you order your Halloween costume online you should order in advance before October 31. If the costume does not fit then you can send it back within enough time to order another one before Halloween. To be on the safe side I may order my Halloween costume the first few days of October, this way I can try it on and if it does not fit I can send it back and obtain the correct size a week or so sooner than Halloween.

Really, there are so many distinct types of costumes which are obtainable for all the approaching Halloween events that people all over the place will be throwing. It is an enjoyable event looking around for the ideal outfit in preparation for this year's holiday season.
Elvis: Comment se préparer pour la Compétition des Imitateurs d'Elvis

Elvis, le "Roi" Presley est mort le 16 Août 1977, et on ne l'a pas oublié dans les {plus de} 29 années passées. À chaque année et, partout, aux États-Unis, il y a beaucoup de compétitions qui concernent les gens qui veulent se ressembler à Elvis et paraître comme lui, mais aucun d'eux n'est grand et impressionnant comme l'un qui est enterré à Las-Vegas.

Moi, j'étais le juge dans de nombreuses différentes compétitions des imitateurs d'Elvis, et tout le temps, s'approchent de moi des gens qui sont intéressés d'entrer fortement {de s'enfoncer} à la brillante vie de l'imitateur d'Elvis. La seule question qu'ils posent est: "que dois-je faire pour me préparer à la compétition des Imitateurs d'Elvis". Alors, j'ai décidé écrire, ici, des 5 importants conseils pour se préparer à la compétition d'imitateur d'Elvis: 

1) Paraître comme Elvis:
La première chose qui est la plus importante est que tu aies quelque chose qui ressemble à Elvis: Tu peux paraître comme un maigre jeune Elvis ou un vieux gros Elvis, mais c'est obligatoire que tu aies quelque chose qui lui ressemble. Si tu n'as pas aucune chose qui lui ressemble, tu ne gagneras jamais.

Dans la plupart de ces compétitions d'Elvis et, spécialement, dans la compétition à Las-Vegas, la façon à laquelle tu chantes est autant importante que la façon comme laquelle tu parais. Parfois, ceux qui gagnent dans ces compétitions peuvent recevoir un travail du professionnel imitateur d'Elvis. Mon conseil est de pratiquer souvent. Va à chaque lieu de karaoké que tu peux trouver et pratique sans cesse, spécialement, si ton but est gagner ou recevoir quelque argent.

2) Forme tes cheveux comme Elvis:
La prochaine chose à faire est tes cheveux. Elvis était bien connu pour ses différents styles des cheveux au cours des années. Je te recommande de trouver beaucoup du temps {prendre du bon temps} pour s'occuper à tes cheveux. Il y a des sites dans l'internet, dédiés aux cheveux d'Elvis, qui doivent être faciles, pour trouver un style qui te convient. Il y a, aussi, de nombreux magasins de perruque qui contiennent la pleine ligne des perruques d'Elvis.

3) S'habiller comme Elvis:
La troisième chose est tes vêtements. Elvis, spécialement, dans les années récentes, avait une très spéciale apparence. Il ne portait que des salopettes de cuir avec une cape de pierre précieuse qui l'a rendu "sexy", sur la scène. Tu peux fuir sans avoir gaspillé quelques mille {dollars} sur ton costume, mais si tu veux être le meilleur des nombreux gens qui entrent à ces compétitions-gaspille l'argent!

Une autre chose sur laquelle tu seras jugé et que tu auras besoin de pratiquer, d'une manière définitive, est la façon à laquelle tu danses. Elvis toujours dansait quand il chantait et tu, aussi, peux le faire même mieux que lui. Maintenant, je peux te dire qu'aucun juge ne voterait pour toi si tu étais, là, simplement au débout, même si tu étais les jumeaux d'Elvis. Si tu n'es pas sûr comment, exactement, Elvis danse sur la scène, tu as de la chance. Tu peux aller à n'importe quel magasin de vidéo et louer de nombreux films-où il danse dans chacun d'eux -et tu peux chercher dans l'internet des milles de vidéo clips des danses d'Elvis sur la scène.

Si tu prends tous ces conseils et tu les incorpores dans ton personnage d'Elvis, tu auras une meilleure chance qui sera très grande de gagner à la compétition et d'accomplir le rêve d'être le meilleur imitateur d'Elvis dans le monde.
Embroidered Sherwanis: Best Wear For Weddings

Indian clothing has gained phenomenal acclaim all across the globe. Indians feel proud to flaunt themselves in traditional attire on every occasion and every festivity. International recognition has come India's way with people from different parts of the world demanding Indian attire. When it comes to mens wear nothing works better than embroidered sherwanis. Embroidered sherwanis give you a royal look and are surely the best dresses for weddings. A sherwani comprises of a long kurta with a matching churidar. Grooms are known to carry a matching stole or chunni with the sherwani to give a complete look. Designer sherwanis are crafted with lovely embroidery and work. This gives the attire a richer look to mens wear. Sherwani is a dress with no age bar. Young and old wear it alike and look equally handsome. As a matter of fact even little ones wear sherwanis and look exceedingly sweet in weddings and parties.

One and all fashion blog will recommend to you that nothing works better than embroidered sherwanis. But have you wondered exactly what types of sherwanis are in this season? What color and style sherwani will look good on you? The fashion knowledgebase recommends sherwanis in brocade and raw silk material. These look charming on the groom who is going to be the focus of hundreds of eyes and so many shutter bugs. After all, who would want to go wrong with their dress on the D-Day? Sherwanis in cream and gold are ever green mens wear. Young men and their designers are now experimenting with shades like turquoise blue, dark brown and dark maroon. Fair complexioned men should not even think twice before choosing a sherwani in fawn brocade with cream churidar. The kurti looks admirable when bejeweled with stones, zardosi, resham etc. The groom should opt for a totally traditional look by wearing dresses like matching safari and jootis. 

Apart from grooms, embroidered sherwanis look good on all men headed for weddings or parties. One should go for Indo western style sherwanis. These can be done beautifully in angalakha style with filgiri work. Cream color looks sober yet are an in style thing in India fashion. Golden zari touch also adds to the special appearance of such sherwanis. Kids wear for weddings and parties has always been an issue for parents. Young girls look enchanting in their salwar kameez and lehenga cholis; but what about all the little gentlemen? Young boys look adoringly sweet in colorful embroidered sherwanis. There is no need to make them wear the clichéd cream and golden sherwanis. Neither is their any need to bough them down with extra heavy work on their kurtas. Bright jacquard sherwani with colorful stoles like aqua blue, turquoise blue, orange, purple looks attractive. Remember the key to good children's sherwani lies in being stylish yet comfortable, being ethnic yet modern! 

If you are thinking about what sort of sherwanis to wear to casual wedding and family get-togethers then rely on smart cotton sherwanis with delicate embroidery work. You have the opportunity to pick and choose color and collar styles that are a in demand in mens wear. Keeping in mind the season ahead, you could get kurtis in black, maroon, deep blue etc. Jamawar material is also something to be made note of when getting sherwanis. Remember, sherwanis aren't just piece of dresses, it is a tradition, a ritual, it is something class apart. When you wear it, you wear the burden of carrying it off royally. Do not do too many bizarre changes with the regular styles and do buy yourself matching jootis or chappals before you decide to wear them.
Engage In A Fun Engagement Party Complete With A Life Sized Connect The Dots Game

A full assortment of Engagement Party Games and Printable Activities will make an Engagement party extraordinary. Nearly everyone will enjoy playing a variety of Engagement party games along with special printable activities intended especially for an exciting Engagement Party. Fun filled printable activities such as Engagement word searches, find a scramble and crossword puzzles are all ideal for an Engagement party. Indeed, offering both games and printable activities will add a great deal to the party.

Organizing an Engagement Party that includes exciting games and printable activities can be quite challenging. In addition to traditional Engagement games having an assortment of printable activities such as team word searches, crossword puzzles and word jumbles will add to the celebration. Engagement party games such as Two Truths and a Lie and Pictionary will make a great addition to any party. More often than not, these party games can be played in groups or with individuals making them ideal games for an Engagement party. Other entertaining games and printable activities would be welcome at an Engagement party. From printable activities such as Connect the Dots and Fill in the Blanks to Crossword Puzzles and Word Searches, these games can make an Engagement party a truly memorable event. These printable activities along with other Engagement party games will add a lot to the event therefore creating a great atmosphere for a party. Party games such as a poster size version of Connect the Dots designed to get everyone in the action will add a great deal of excitement to the Engagement party. To make a giant size Connect the Dots game the host will need to use a large white sheet or poster board. Then outline the drawing with a pencil. Once the drawing has been defined the dots can be added as well as numbers or letters. To play this game, have various trivia questions on cards.

As the question is answered the winning team gets to connect one dot to another dot (depending on point total for answers). After they connect the dots they get to guess what the picture is. If they guess it correctly their team wins, if not the other team must answer a question correctly in order to make a guess. The winning team guesses the object correctly.This Engagement party game is sure to be a lot of fun for everyone involved.
Enjoy Fall Fun In A Pocahontas Halloween Costume

Looking for a great Halloween costume that's a departure from all the goblins and ghouls? Pocahontas could be the choice for you. Appropriate for fall and easy to find, these comfy costumes are available for anyone from toddlers to grownups, and there are many different styles to choose from. Take a look at all the Pocahontas Halloween costume options out there.
Pocahontas Costumes For Kids There are lots of different styles to pick from when you're looking for your child's perfect Pocahontas. However, one of the interpretations that's sure to go over well is based on the classic Disney animated film. While these officially licensed costumes aren't perfect replicas of the beaded buckskins worn by this Disney Princess, they're similar enough to make any child happy.
Of course, there are plenty of unlicensed versions that look like Disney's Pocahontas, and lots of others that bring their own interpretation of the Indian princess. You'll find different dresses and fringed pants, along with the Disney version. Remember that many costume packages don't include accessories, so you'll need to buy headbands, jewelry and footwear separately for a complete look.
Adult Pocahontas Costumes Of course, not only children want to dress up as Pocahontas for Halloween. There are plenty of excellent choices out there for adults and teens, too. You can choose from fairly traditional looks, or pick one of the many skimpy costumes for a sexy Pocahontas.
These costumes get a lot of attention for their short skirts, low necklines and beaded detailing. They come in lots of sizes, prices, and styles, and the best place to look at all the available costume options is online.
Online shopping for a Pocahontas costume is smart, since it lets you look at the widest range of possible choices and find all the best deals. You'll have the opportunity to easily sort through all the options from the comfort of your desk. Just a few mouse clicks let you make your purchase. Then, just wait for your costume to arrive. Remember to factor in shipping time and costs, too.
Everyone wants a well made costume, so be sure to think about whether yours is priced too low. The very cheapest costumes may have low quality fabrics, poor stitching, or be badly fitted. Get one that's well enough made to last more than just the night, and you'll be a lot happier. So will your trick or treater!
A Pocahontas Halloween costume could be the perfect choice for you or your child this year, especially since there are so many possibilities to choose from. Shop online to find great deals and a wider selection than can fit in any brick and mortar store. If you don't feel like dressing as a monster or ghost this year, Pocahontas could be the right choice.
Ensure A Healthy Scalp Especially When You Wear Wigs

You may be wearing a Revlon wig or a jon renauu wig to hide baldness are as a result of therapeutic treatment, sudden hair fall or to have a different look altogether. One of most common problems wig wearers face is managing their scalp and hair as another layer on the head can make it a little itchy and hot at times. Taking care of your hair scalp is more important as the wig adhesive or tape might certain irritation and skin problem. Mentioned below are some of the scalp care tips for wig wearers to follow:

1.Your hair need more frequent cleaning. First, to protect the wig from getting dirty or oily. Second, it helps in retaining healthy scalp as bacteria may gather beneath the wig. 
2.Since your scalp is covered by a thick layer of wig that blocks skin pores, this might result in skin irritation. Hence, it is advisable to take a break from the wig whenever possible. Give your scalp a good message in the morning and the evening for a better blood circulation throughout your head.
3.Keep your hair short as long hair may be a little uncomfortable under the wig. Moreover you'll face difficulty hiding them. 
4.Ensure your hair are thoroughly dry before putting on your wig as wet hair not only loosen the lining of wig, they also become breeding ground for germs. 
5.Whenever you feel itching, avoid harsh scratching as it might cause skin irritations. A light is fine. 
6.Keep your wig clean from inside using a damp sponge and allow it to dry before wearing it. 
7.Use a little natural or organic oil to moisture your scalp whist you are not wearing a wig. Only a drop of virgin olive oil or almond oil is good enough for your scalp.
8.You can also wear a wig cap for a better hold and comfort. 
9.Protect your scalp from dandruff. Use a good shampoo, give your scalp a good message, and follow a good scalp and hair care regime.
Erotic Porn Games Can Spice Up The Evening

Maybe all you need to heat things up after dark is some creative and fun erotic porn games. Simple to play, and fun for groups or couples, there are many different activities to choose from, but here are a few tried and true games that have been providing fun times for years.

Spin the bottle is an old and classic game normally associated with drinking. But, with just a few modifications, this time honored activity can turn a small gathering, or even an intimate evening for two into a fun and revealing time of passion. The rules are really easy. Put a bottle on a flat surface, making sure to lay it on its side and then spin.

The more the bottle stops for that person, the more they need to remove clothing. This is a fun and fair way to spice things up and many people love this particular game.

There are many alternatives that can be spun from this great game, including a fun question and answer session that has the same objective. If the person being asked the question gets it wrong, they have to take off an item of clothing. If they get it right, then the person asking the question has to undress a little. The person who gets it right also gets to select who they want to direct the next question to.

Truth or dare is one of the most popular erotic games out there, and is fun with a group or fun for a couple trying to break the ice. The questioner can ask a person a question that they can choose to answer or not. If they answer, then the questioner needs to take an item of clothing off. If they decide not to answer, then they must do what the questioner asks them to do. Fun and full of surprises, this is a great way to spice up any get together.

Think about a quick game of strip poker to heat things up a little bit. Not only poker, there are a limitless variety of card games that can be used in its place. The object of the game is simple. Try and finish with as many clothes on as possible. The winning hand gets to keep dressed, but those that lose need to get rid of one item of clothing at a time.

Thinking of cards, there's even a fun way to play erotic games without even playing a card game, because all that is needed is a deck. The object is to draw the highest number from the deck, which puts you in the position to have the loser do something to you based on the number they draw. Say that they drew a five of hearts, but you drew a jack of diamonds. They would have to do something to you five times. Think how interesting things can get from a simple deck of cards.

There is no limit to the options that are available in finding great erotic porn games to enhance any gathering or special time together. Looking online will reveal a wealth of ideas, suggestions as well as online games that are fun and make for perfect ways to break the ice and heat things up.
Everything You Need To Know About Boo The Pomeranian

It looks like the trick to getting 4.6 million fans on Facebook is to have a cute haircut. And to be Pomeranian named Boo.

This little dog has been collecting “likes” since his owner started a Facebook page in 2009 “as a joke.” The page information reads “My name is Boo. I am a dog. Life is good.” This little Pom has become known in celebrity circles as well as to the average Joe, with Khloe Kardashian posting his picture to her blog, and Ke$ha tweeting about the dog as her “new boyfriend.”

Boo's owner remains anonymous, using the name J.H. Lee to talk to the public and the press. She has also kept her location secret, although it is known that she lives in the United States. She told the story of how Boo got his signature look, which is short hair all over, except a bit puffier around the head.
The Pom's hair had become knotted and tangled to the point where his groomer said the best option would be to shave it off. This is not a sign of neglect; in fact, Pomeranians are notorious for having these kinds of issues with their hair. 

“The groomer said they wouldn't even be able to get a brush through him,” his owner recalled in an interview. “I was really upset when I heard that. But when I picked him up, I found he was actually really cute that way.”
She takes pictures of Boo every day to upload to the fan page, which has been categorized as a Public Figure page. Boo is famous for wearing different outfits and accessories, including varying sunglasses, baseball caps, tuxedos, and pumpkin costumes.

He has also been involved in events. For example, for We Day, an initiative of NGO Free the Children that combats child slave labor around the world, Boo was a part of a project where each new like on his Facebook page would mean a $1 donation to the NGO's work.

He has been wrapped up in blankets and towels, photographed lying in drawers, at the Tory Burch store in New York, and a thousand other positions and settings. He even has his own book, Boo: The Life of the World's Cutest Dog.

Boo's career took a turn when he was offered modeling jobs for the online shop Tobi. He also appeared in an Operation Smile fundraising campaign, a charity that provides surgery to repair children's mouths from deformities so that they can smile again.

Rumor has it that the short-haired Pom showed up in a Google ad, and there was a lot of debate about whether the woman in the commercial is his real owner or not. The only evidence that has been seen of J.H. Lee's physical appearance is a shot of her legs in one of the pictures she posted of Boo.
With no shortage of outfits and poses, Boo and his owner seem to have a good thing going for them. Some people get lucky, but it seems like Lee has a full time job keeping her dog's fans satisfied with new information and photos.

Born in 2006, the little Pom is six years old now, and a person can't help but wonder what will happen when he starts to get too old to model. For now, though, the Facebook page continues to get at least a thousand new fans a day, so there is very little to worry about for the canine star and his human owner. The only real question is where will Boo turn up next?
Exciting 80s Party Games Are A Definite Addition To A Great 80s Theme Party

Plan a totally awesome 80s party complete with 80s party printable activities and games. The decadent 80s was a glorious decade so regenerate such 80s memories and good times by bringing back the 80s in party form. 

College Mad House. College romp movies were all the rage in the 80s so why not play a game involving duel college sororities or fraternities. Spilt the party guests in two teams, more if needed, and give each team a team name and the faux sorority or fraternity they represent. The game is played with two teams challenging each other in a variety of competitions and relays such as balloon tosses, relay races and other similar competitive activities. Each round won earns the teams a point. The final round can be played with a series of general knowledge questions. Give the teams bells and see who emerges the College Mad House winner. When the games are over the team that wins the competition gets the honor of throwing pies filled with shaving cream in the faces of the losers. 

Blackout to Play: This fun game is comprised of a competition between two opposing teams that pit two players from each team against each other. Teams are given a phrase with four missing words. One member of the team had to describe each missing word for the other to guess. The other team could black out several seconds of the description before the other team member heard it. In order to do this, each team can only receive one blackout per round. The differing team yells blackout and the player that is doing the description must be quiet for 5 seconds or more. If the teammate cannot guess the word, the other team gets an opportunity to guess. The first team to complete two of the phrases win or extend the game for even more fun.

Puzzlewits: Puzzlewits is a game that is played using a very large crossword puzzle that looks like a crossword puzzle board. This giant puzzle board can be made from a large chalk board. Split the party guests into two teams, each made up of three contestants to solve the puzzle. Teams earned points for every letter of each word they guessed correctly. 

Make that Spare. Make That Spare is a game that players must throw a ball towards a set of pop bottles in the hopes that can knock down spares with one shot. To make the game more interesting. An additional way to play the game would be to have each bottles labeled with specific number values. Give each player one attempt to knock down a spare, the numbers they knock down they earn a party favor with that number. 

An 80s party is the perfect time for 80s party games and printable activities along with great 80s party games perfect for a great celebration for a celebrant who grew up in the 80s or a celebrant looking to experience the 80s for the first time.
Exclusive Oro Nightclub Opens At The Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Punta Cana

Last 18th November saw the grand opening of the most electrifying discotheque in the Dominican Republic with a party hosted by international DJ Erick Morillo, Las Vegas' own DJ Vice, recording artist Cedric Gervais. For truly unforgettable Dominican Republic holidays in Punta Cana, where hard-partying is a must, there's no better place to go than the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Punta Cana and its newest ORO nightclub.

Comparable with the most prestigious see-and-be-seen competitor nightclubs in Las Vegas and Miami, the new ORO nightclub at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Punta Cana stretches along 14,000 square feet of space and is divided into two levels (dance floor and mezzanine), featuring brilliant show lighting and award-winning Funktion One sound. Adding to the dramatics is its signature two-story LED wall consisting of more than 300 individual LED screens and the first-ever infinity edge bar...all of which make it a truly one-of-a-kind venue for serious party lovers in search of the perfect destination for all-dancing holidays in Punta Cana, one of the Dominican Republic's most famous and popular holiday beach resorts.

Conceived by Francois Frossard and inspired by the sensuality of the Dominican Republic, ORO Nightclub is designed to maximize the nightlife scene and elevate to a climax the hard-partying experience, seducing visitors and hotel guests to an uninhibited euphoria. In addition, for sheer luxury during hardcore partying as part of you your club-tastic Dominican Republic holidays, ORO has 37 VIP tables, top premium liquor bottle service, and waiters and bartenders from Las Vegas, Spain, Miami, Colombia, in addition to Dominican models. ORO Nightclub offers partygoers the chance to feel and be treated like millionaires. At ORO, guests indulge in A-list parties just like those created for celebrity clients of LIV in Miami, such as P. Diddy, Jennifer Lopez, Tiesto, Pitbull, Bruno Mars, Kim Kardashin, Paris Hilton, Lil Wayne, Lebron James, Jay-Z, Fabulous and Enrique Iglesias.

Boasting more than 1,700 guest rooms, every touch point at Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Punta Cana is exquisite. Raising the bar for all nightclubs at all Dominican Republic hotels in Punta Cana and island wide, the ORO experience is unique not only in this beach resort but in the whole country.

At the exclusive Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Punta Cana, the outdoor Venetian canal style aqua scape includes 12 expansive pools, four swim-up bars, a lazy river and three kids pools with flume waterslides. Cuisine choices are endless with nine international restaurants and delis, from Brazilian steakhouse Ipanema and The Market international buffet to Asian Teppanyaki at Zen and brick-oven pizza at Pizzeto. The signature Rock Spa includes innovative ice room and the most complete hydrotherapy circuit in the Caribbean. The Jack Nicklaus designed Cana Bay Palace Golf Club meanders through breathtaking local landscapes. And with the perfect location on Macao Beach, guests experience the ultimate beachfront paradise.

On-site shopping includes boutiques, souvenirs at the Rock Shop and jewelry and Spa boutiques. Guests are entertained around every corner with exclusive Hard Rock memorabilia such as Elton John's hand-painted piano, Tommy Lee's Motley Crue silver space ship outfit, Gene Simmons' custom axe base and Sammy Hagar's 1926 hot rod. Recognized as the largest casino in the Dominican Republic, guests and the general public test their luck at the hotel's 45,000-square foot venue. Avid and amateur gamers alike can go all-in at the casino's exclusive high-limit poker room, VIP lounge, race and sports book, or any of the 386 slot machines and 40 gaming tables.
Exploring Tuscany Visiting the Main Film Location: Florence and Cortona

Overflowing with familiar sights and picturesque landscapes, Tuscany has been used as a film location for many major films. The charm and appeal of Tuscany is quite unmatched, and several movies have not just been filmed, but were also centered upon the scenic cities of Tuscany, such as Cortona and Florence.

Bask Under the Tuscan Sun

One of these movies is Under the Tuscan Sun, a 2003 Audrey Wells direction based on the Frances Mayes novel of the same name. The film helped reveal the best sights and historical attractions that dotted the city of Florence. Some of the locations used in the film included the Piazza della Signoria and the Piazza della Republica.

The Piazza della Signoria is a square in the form of an L, and is found in Florence, Tuscany. The plaza is a significant historical base, as it served as the former political center of the city. The square is flanked by several other must-see sights such as the Uffizi Gallery, the Uguccioni Palace, and several others.

Piazza della Republica is another one of the many piazzas that dot Tuscany. The semi-circular area is ornamented at the center with the Fountain of the Naiads, which was commissioned back in 1870 and completed in 1888.

Under the Tuscan Sun was mostly set in Cortona, Arezzo, Tuscany, and starred Diane Lane. In the movie, the main character Frances Mayes travelled to Tuscany in the aftermath of a divorce. During the trip, she experiences the Tuscan life and finds new friends. Though a bit recent, the movie played a huge role in promoting the subtle but standout beauty of Cortona and the rest of Tuscany.

Live the Beautiful Life in Tuscany

But using Tuscany as a location for a film is not a new concept. After all, Tuscany has always had its grandeur and old-world appeal and has managed to retain it through the years. Thus, yet another iconic film, La Vita é Bella or Life is Beautiful, takes viewers through a tour of Cortona.

One of the scenes in the film was set in Cortona at the Teatro Signorelli, which is located in the Piazza Signorelli. The theatre holds regular presentations you can also enjoy during your Tuscan holiday. Outside, however, it is considered as one of Tuscany's most distinctive landmarks. The theatre spills out to Piazza Signorelli. Both the piazza and the theatre has become important locations for Tuscany's various festivals.

The La Vita e Bella is a 1997 film directed by Roberto Benigni. The film, which is shot in several different locations in Tuscany, centers around Guido Orefice, a Jewish man, and his quest to save his son's life. The movie mixes romance and comedy both, and offers a good view on love and family values. However, it is perhaps the breathtaking locations used in the film that contributed to its unabashed success.

The film, which was made extra beautiful thanks to the beauty of Tuscany, eventually went on to win the Best Actor award for Benigni, the Best Picture award, the Best Foreign Language Film, the Best Original Screenplay, and several others.

Have Tea in Tuscany

Tuscany, however, is just plain overflowing with sights to see and places to visit. Some of the other popular places in Tuscany are Piazza Santa Maria Novella and Piazza del Duomo, which both appeared in the1999 movie, Tea with Mussolini.

Piazza Santa Maria Novella is a world-renowned attraction in Florence. The square or plaza was featured in Tea with Mussolini and is famous for being one of the biggest historical squares found in the city. The square is a wide expanse of a grassy area dotted with a central fountain at the middle. It is also the location of the Santa Maria Novella church, a major church in Florence.

The Piazza del Duomo has the classic features of a square, such as a wide expanse of grass dotted with several different monuments. The square's history and style can be attributed to the medieval age, and the overall style of the square revolutionized the artistic world of Tuscany.

Tea with Mussolini is practically a Tuscany guidebook as it takes viewers to several different Tuscan areas and popular attractions. The film, which starred popular musician and actress Cher, is partly autobiographical as it follows the life of Franco Zeffirelli. The film went on to win the 2000 BAFTA Awards, among some other awards, as well as some nominations.

Enjoy the Picturesque Views of Tuscany

Finally, you can move to Piazza della Santissima Annunziata , one of the most distinct locations in Tuscany. It is dubbed as the most beautiful square found in

Florence, and it is scenically flanked by four buildings. These four buildings also happen to be significant monuments, which included the Santissima Annunziata church, Brunelleschi's portico, and the Spedale degli Innocenti, among several others.

The scenic and panoramic image of the Piazza della Santissima Annunziata can also be enjoyed when you check out the 1986 film Room with a View. The film, which was directed by James Ivory and which starred Helena Bonham Carter, went on to win several awards, which included the Best Picture award, Best Supporting Actor for Daniel Day Lewis, Best Art Direction, Best Costume Design, Best Actress for Maggie Smith, and Best Supporting Actress for Judi Dench.

All in all, it was a film that gave a glimpse of Florence's countryside life in contrast with its upper class scene.
