Adult Costumes- Its Role, Bestselling Costumes and their Purchase

By adult costumes we usually mean the sexy piece of clothing that ladies wear in their most private moments. They want to look at their most appealing and revealing to their partners to attract them. The women naturally love to wear sexy clothing. 

The adult costumes provide them with a license to look alluring. These costumes also provide them with a chance look younger like in a naughty girl costume, sexy nurse costume etc. In this article we shall explore the role of adult costumes in a relationship, some bestselling costumes 

Role of Adult Costumes in a Relationship 

Relationships last because of a mix of feelings and commitment. Commitment comes from the inner resolve to stay together. Feelings towards another person can be brought out by a number of factors, one of which is how you're clothing to attract your partner. Adult costumes can increase the partner's attraction and interest in you. Hence adult costumes play an important part in building a long lasting relationship. Adult costumes help one to seduce and arouse the partner. 

Best Selling Adult Costumes 

Adult costumes constitute the most fun wearing costumes of all time. They have created a market for themselves and are bestselling adult goods after adult videos and adult toys. The basic aim behind every adult costume is to seduce, arouse and tease your partner. They come in variety of styles but the basic aim is just to fulfil the fantasies. 

The innocent school girl is the bestselling adult costume. It comprises the white schoolgirl and chequered miniskirt, mimicking the typical school uniform. It gives a chance to ladies to look young and enticing to her partner. Another popular outfit is that of French Maid with a black top and an ultra short white skirt. This outfit is quite revealing and is sure to impress your partner. 

Policewomen costume is also very much in demand along with accessories like handcuffs and sticks. This is for men who like to be dominated. Men find domination and submission sexually very arousing. Some other playful adult costumes are Bar Girl Costumes, Chain Girl, Pirate costume and Dark Nurse. 

Purchasing the Costumes 

Purchasing the adult costumes from the physical stores can be quite embarrassing. Only specialty adult stores have variety of adult costumes. The emergences of speciality stores selling adult costumes have made the situation easy. Now interested individuals can order costumes for themselves or for their partners from the confines of their homes.
Adult Footed Pajamas Are Not Just For Sleeping

Adult footed pajamas was very talked-about at one time and are rapidly gaining in recognition as soon as again. These pajamas will preserve you so snugly heat on those chilly winter nights. The non-skid material on the feet will keep you protected from any slippery wooden or vinyl floors. Whereas these pajamas are wonderful for sleeping, they have another use as well.

Making a fancy dress from adult footed pajamas might be so easy and you'll be shocked at how professional the costume will look. You'll be able to add colorful butterfly wings to a black pair of pajamas, slip a pair of antennas on your head and you've got the proper Halloween costume. Or placed on a pair of pink pajamas and add a tutu. Place a crown in your head, hold a scepter, slip on a pair of inexperienced adult footed pajamas and viola; you're a king. In case you want to be a martial arts professional put on a pair of black pajamas and add a pink sash round your waist and one round your head. Wish to be a sweet cane? These pajamas actually are available a candy cane stripe. You can put on nearly any colour of the pajamas, add a tail and whiskers, and you've got a cat costume. Add a cape and also you're a superhero. The possibilities are endless. And you'll have such a superb time dreaming up new and unusual costumes.

If you're on the lookout for an unique present for a big different or a pal or member of the family, attempting shopping for them a pair of adult footed pajamas. They come in stable crimson or crimson with pink hearts for Valentine's Day. When you have a friend that simply had a baby woman, give her a pair of pink pajamas for those long nights when she is up together with her newborn. If she had a boy, shock with her with a blue pair. If a pal or family member loves kittens, you can find many kinds of pajamas on this pattern. If they are in the service, there are some great pajamas in pink camouflage or black camouflage. They even are available leopard stripes. As with the costumes, there are such a lot of completely different ones from which to choose.

These pajamas are available several different fabrics like cotton and fleece, they have an extended zipper (many in nylon so nothing chilly will brush in opposition to your skin), and in lots of them, you may take away the feet and throw on a pair of shoes if you are wearing a pair outdoors of the house.

As you may see, adult pajamas are usually not just for sleeping. If you check round online, you are certain to find a pair that will fit your want, whether or not it is for a fancy dress, for a particular gift, or simply to keep you heat on a chilly night.
80's Mall Rat Costume

Even if people will only be strutting at the mall, looking for stuff to buy, they still make sure that they look good. That is no different back in the 80's. Their sense of fashion and the way their clothing flared were the only difference. 

To give you an idea of what an 80's mallrat wears, check out these suggestions for a mallrat costume. Here, I listed two.

First is the sexy look. You need a sweatshirt with a loose neckline so that it will hang off one shoulder. If you must, cut the sides of the neck to make it looser. Choose a brightly colored tank top to wear inside it. You can choose to wear contrasting colors since unmatched colors back in the 80's didn't matter. As long as you are big and loud, you are good.

Wear a wide belt over the sweatshirt to show off your figure. Pair this ensemble with leggings. To look classier, get a tight skirt and wear the leggings underneath. Finish the look with lacy socks and high heels.

Second is the laid back look. This look wishes only to hang around with friends and eat cotton candies rather than be flirty and get wolf whistles. 

To start off, find an oversized shirt with colorful prints or a simple button down shirt with shoulder pads. You could tie the ends of the button down shirt, cowgirl style and fold the sleeves. Do the same with the oversized shirt. Pair your top with stone-washed high waist jeans that shows only a bit of your tummy. Complete the look by wearing dress flats or high top sneakers with bright socks.

The accessories to wear for both are fairly the same. Wear several colorful plastic bangles on each wrist, several long necklaces and plastic hoop earrings. 

Your hair must be in the 80's style. To do it, perm it, and do some backcombing to make it big. Wear a headband and let your frizzy hair fall back. Also, make sure you get the make-up right; be heavy on the colored eyeliners such as teal and purple, the popular electric blue eye shadow, and bright glossy lipstick.

Choose either one of these mall rat costumes, the outcome would be the same fashionable 80's ensemble. Also, most importantly, don't forget to have fun!
80's Old School Rapper Costume

In the 80's, rappers wore a very different outfit to what we see now. The only similarity was their great likeness in "bling". Because of this likeness, the rappers in the 80's preferred to wear glitzy and shiny clothing. Black and gold were their favorite. This costume is kinda' hard to make since it's customized. For an easy overview, their style looked like that of a genie's in fairytale books such as Aladdin because of the wide pants and stomach-exposed top.

Famous rappers of the 80's who sported this clothing with pride were MC Hammer, Whodini, and Big Daddy Kane. So if you are a fan of these three and is a rapper by heart, you may want to check these tips for an 80's inspired rapper costume.

Get a long sleeved vest made of silky black cloth. Make sure the vest is open so it exposes most of your chest and your tummy. If you have abs, you're lucky because you get to flaunt them. Or you can just wear a mesh shirt inside if you are too shy.

As I have said before, rapper costumes are popularly in black and gold silk cloth, so that they are glossy. If the vest is made out of plain cloth you can sew strips of gold cloth on the sides to make it ravishing. 

Pair the silky vest with silky pants that are ‘balloon' shaped, that one that has a wide space in the crotch and thighs. The legs should be tight fitting. If you wouldn't be able to have this pants custom made, it might be easier to look for something like this in an online costume store, or in novelty shops. To design the pants, use the same gold cloth you sewed on the sides of the vest to tie around the waistband of the pants.

To have varieties in color, alternate the color of the design to the main colors. For example, make the vest and the pants gold, while the trimmings and the waistband black.

Accessorize by wearing the popular "blings" of the rappers. Wear a thick gold chain necklace with an uber large pendant, and huge studs for earrings. Wear some shades too, if you can manage doing so at night.

The shoes are simple. Just find some leather tied-up shoes.

And now you are all set. You just need to practice speaking that old rhyme real fast and you may consider getting a career as a rapper.
80s Preppy Costume

The preppy kind of clothing came from elite people coming from prep schools. Also, it was mainly what people going to country clubs playing golf and tennis wore. Earlier than the 80's, the colors worn are mostly pastel, but during the 80's it became louder.

If you have seen the movies 16 Candles and Saved by the Bell, you are already given an idea on what you should look. The outfit is only simple, so if you are the kind of person who is required to go on an 80's themed party but doesn't like too much big and booming costumes, this is perfect for you.

Another plus on going for this ensemble: rummage your closet and you might just find what you're looking for. The needed clothes here are quite simple. It's the accessories that will mostly scream 80's.

Also, you might find the clothing that you will need for this costume. It might just be sitting inside your closet. Since the clothes are simple, you will have to make up for the accessories. Anyway, here are the things that you will need:

A skirt; it can be plaid or khaki. The skirt must be just a little above the knees. Or khaki shorts if you prefer to look like forest ranger. For guys, khaki or white shorts are the best. Pair the skirt or the shorts with a collared shirt. For girls, choose frilly collars, they would go with the overly designed theme of the 80's. Choose bright colors such as hot pink and lime green.

And for the foot wear, find a pair of penny loafers or Keds sneakers with colored socks. Dress flats could also work for girls. To get more of the 80's feel, get a sweater and tie it around your shoulders.

For the accessories, find necklaces, plastic bangles, and hoop earrings. Also, make sure that your hair is styled the 80's way; permed and backcombed so that it looks frizzy. Wear bright make-ups such as the popular electric blue eye shadow and bright pink lipstick.

Now you're all set with simplicity and style. If you wish, bring a tennis racket for props, but that could get in the way, so never mind.
80s Prom Queen Costume

Wondering what costume to wear that would make you fabulous? It is simple especially in an 80's inspired party: Go to the party in an 80's prom dress. You will have all the fabulousness you asked and everyone's eyes will be on you.

Although looking for a prom dress is kinda' hard, unless you have a mom that is active in fashion and who might still have her prom dress. If she had already ditched it, there are more ways in acquiring it. You can search for thrift stores or in online stores that sell costumes. Making up one on your own is hard, I suggest that you shouldn't even think about it.

80's designed dresses are usually designed with puffy sleeves so you should find one that looks like it. Also, make sure that the dresses have bright shades. Pick colors such as teal, purple, blue and hot pink. Get one that has loud designs like polka dots and stripes. Also for added design, get one that has ruffles and big bows.

For the shoes, pumps were a hit back in the 80's. Get a pair that matches the color of your dress.

The accessories are very important to complete this costume. Today's popular phrase ‘less is more' doesn't apply back in the 80's. Don't hesitate to mix and match jewelries and other accessories. Actually, you are not really required to mix and match, you'd still look good wearing a lot of contrasting accessories.

Also, rhinestones were very popular back then so consider wearing big rhinestone pendants and earrings. Wear several bangles on one wrist and don't forget the flower corsage on the other. The corsage is a must have.

Achieve the 80's hair by wearing it big. Aside from backcombing, there is also another way to get frizzy hair, and that is to use crimpers and lots of hairspray. Wear a big bow or a headband that matches your dress or you may wear a tiara if you wish. 

Complete the look by wearing a sash on brandishing you as a prom queen and a scepter.
80s Rock Girl Costume

The Rock Girl costume closely resembles Goth clothing. This kind of clothing defines the personality of a person who wouldn't meet the whims of the society but would rather express freely who she really is.

If this style speaks for you, then you better go in a costume party mirroring your personality. But that is if you're not already wearing it daily.

It is a common knowledge that when Rock and Goth style are mentioned, the first thing that comes into the mind is the color black. With that, pick a black shirt with awesome prints of your favorite band. This can be easily bought in major shopping malls, or in online stores. 

Pair the shirt with black leather skirt and then wear torn fishnet stockings or leggings with printed stripes like Wednesday in the Addams Family. For the shoes, wear black lace up boots with thick soles or go rebel by wearing black combat boots.

Next, choose a hairstyle. For girls with short hair, beat the guys and spike your hair up. To get that electrocuted look, you must use a lot of hairspray. You can also highlight the spikes with bright colors such as red, green, or purple. 

For girls with long hair, perm it and backcomb it to do it the 80's way. Your hair must be really big.

Go heavy on the accessories. If you wish you can get fake nose rings, eyebrow bars, or studs to glue on the face temporarily. You can also wear magnet earrings so you can wear several on each ear. 

Look for chokers made of leather lined with studs or spikes. Also, get black leather bracelets that will match with the chokers. You can also wear several silver necklaces and bracelets.

For your make-up, powder up until your face is as white as paper and then line your eyes heavily using black mascara. Smudge it a little bit for a smoky effect so that your eyes stand out. Complete your make-up by adding contrast on your make-up using a bright red matte lipstick.

There, you are all set. If you could play an electric guitar, bring it and rock all night long!
A Batman Costume: Become the Caped Crusader in the Comfort of Your Own Home!

Superheroes were created not just to entertain, but to inspire people. And, oddly enough, no one has inspired readers to dreams of fighting crime and saving the innocent more than Batman, DC Comics' iconic character and one of the most famous superheroes in modern history. In fact, the legacy of Batman has survived war, comic book cancellation, and competition from other superheroes to become the supreme costumed vigilante: brave, intelligent and tough enough to take on the underworld of Gotham City - and win. For over seventy years now, Batman has remained a symbol of what determination, smarts and a truckload of Bat-equipment can to do help clean up crime. Now, kids can make their own adventures as Gotham's Dark Knight with their very own Batman costume!

Many people probably know that Bruce Wayne became Batman because his parents were gunned down by a random mugger. Others probably know that he's got a colorfully dressed, wise-cracking partner named Robin, a butler named Alfred, and all the Batmobiles and (non-lethal) weapons his vast family fortune can buy. But some people probably don't know that in the past few years, the Dark Knight's undergone massive changes that have upped the ante on his war against crime.

In 2009, Batman was killed during a comic book event called 'Final Crisis', with the rest of the world fearing him dead. Then, the first Robin, now named Nightwing, took his place as Batman, with Bruce Wayne's son becoming Robin. However, fans of the original Batman need not have worried-it was revealed that he was just sent back in time as an unwilling human bomb, with him managing to outwit the limitations of time itself and save the Earth from being engulfed by excessive energy.

Batman came back just in time to rescue the new Batman and Robin from the clutches of his archenemy, the Joker, who came on the trails of the Black Glove, an international crime organization. After defeating the Joker and the Black Glove, Batman has since expanded his operations worldwide, with the goal of creating a Batman for every country in the world in a new series called Batman Incorporated.

Now, any kid can join Batman in his crusade against evil with their own Batman costume! Thanks to the immense popularity of the Batman saga, many variants of the Batman costume are available in shops worldwide. From the Batsuits of the animated series (Justice League, Batma: the Animated Series) and the classic look of the comics, and even to the look of the famous Christopher Nolan movies (Batman Begins and The Dark Knight), there's a Batman costume at hand for any occasion! These costumes vary in price and quality, with each version appealing to a different demographic - some Batsuits are soft and plushy, perfect for the kids, while others are tough and possess the ribbed, intricate military design of the latest Batman movies. For the nostalgic Batman fan, there's even a Batsuit dedicated to replicating the look of the classic Batsuit from the 70's - a testament to the amount appeal Batman costumes have over the fans of the comic. Any costume party or weekend playtime can be fun with your kid's own Batman costume!

Want to know more about Batman costumes for your next party? Visit Costumes on Sale.If you're afraid everyone else is going to show up in a Batsuit, why not try out Ninja Costumes?

Want to know more about Batman costumes for your next party? Visit Costumes on Sale >>>www.costumesonsale.org/batman-costumes.htmlIf you're afraid everyone else is going to show up in a Batsuit, why not try out a ninja outfit? --> Visit 
A Brief History of tennis apparel at Wimbledon

In the 127-year history of Wimbledon, the tennis apparel worn by tennis players has changed drastically. The first women to play in the tournament wore full-length dresses as their tennis apparel.

The men's fashion included full-length pants until 1946. Now, players like Serena Williams are making fashion statement every time they step on to the court with tight-fitting body suits or exotic colored two-piece outfits as their signature tennis apparel. 

Women's designer tennis apparel is now commonplace, especially at Wimbledon, which has been the stage for tennis fashion for longer than realized by most people. Women first began to play tennis in the 1860s. At that time, a heavy material, like flannel or serge, was deemed suitable to wear on the courts. Their tennis apparel included a bustle and sometimes a fur. But that was all changed. In 1884, when Maud Watson won the first Wimbledon Ladies' Championship, white tennis apparel had become the most popular. Why? It was simple - sweat. When the trussed-up ladies of the 1890s played in earnest, they wore white because colors revealed sweat stains. This was the start of the tennis whites, which prevailed as acceptable tennis apparel for many decades. 

Although white at that time was still confined to constricting bustled two-piece tennis apparel, many times with a male straw boater. When Lottie Dod won Wimbledon, she wore calf-length skirts. But she only got away with it because they were part of her school uniform. 

May Sutton, in 1905 won at Wimbledon wearing one of her father's shirts. She claimed it provided extra freedom of movement. Imagine the stir she caused by revealing her wrists after rolling back the cuffs. She had complained that the sleeves on her dress were “too long and too hot.” 

Between 1903 and 1914, women's tennis apparel eliminated the scene hats and bustles. Dorothea Lambert Chambers, Wimbledon's seven times champion during this time wore two or three stiff petticoats, as well as corsets with her tennis apparel. 

In 1919, the first Wimbledon to be staged after the First World War, tennis apparel was changed by Suzanne Lenglen. She wore a flimsy and revealing calf-length cotton frock with short sleeves and delivered women from the corsets on the court. Ms. Lenglen changed her tennis apparel even more. She added several yards of colored silk chiffon, shiny white stockings that were rolled to her knees, and a headband. She created quite a stir on the court with her new tennis apparel. 

The next woman to dominate Wimbledon for 14 years before the Second World II was Helen Wills Moody. She made the golf-style eye shade a fashionable addition to tennis apparel and also wore the familiar school-type white blouse and pleated skirt. On cool days, she stopped her tennis apparel with a lambswool cardigan. 

The late 1930s brought the end of the stockings. Tennis apparel became more masculine with the change to tailored flannel shorts and crew-neck T-shirts. The men at this time made a change to their own tennis outfits by eliminating their flannels in favor of shorts. 

The postwar Wimbledon years began with women wearing sensible clothing which made playing tennis easier. The tennis apparel became a combination of short-sleeved shirts, skirts or shorts and topped by jockey caps. Nothing created more of a stir than when Gertrude Moran played in the 1949 Championships. She wore a regulation white dress trimmed with white satin. Beneath this was a pair of lace trimmed panties. This was the start of the daring fashion statements of tennis apparel that have graced Wimbledon since that time.
A Brief Truth Behind Alice In Wonderland

All of us know the tale of Alice in Wonderland, penned by Lewis Carroll; the story is a classic story that has been retold for generations. But what lies behind the story of the girl who tumbles down the rabbit hole and has a astounding adventure.

Alice is a young girl who is struggling with adolescence as well as the thought of growing into a young contentious grownup. Throughout the tale she grows from an undisciplined kid into a sensible young woman, showing the reader that rules are essential to a civil grownup life and if rules are ignored, there will likely be tyranny.

In the story Alice follows the White Rabbit, who plays an important part as a sort of guide in this story, reappearing to move things along when required, giving the story a bit more of a flow. Though overly aware of the time, he is too anxious about himself to truly guide someone.

The major plot of the story is the battle involving Alice and the Queen of Hearts. Alice and the Queen are on opposite sides of adulthood that is represented with the colour red, and can be linked directly to menstrual blood and thus fertility. Alice is just becoming an grownup whereas the Queen is growing past it, but within a sense the Queen is just an over grown kid that opposes Aliceâ€™s adolescent development.

Alice in Wonderland really is a good representation of a coming of age story and the hidden morals educate the reader fundamental lessons about growing up and turning into an adult. The story also provides excellent fancy dress ideas.

Alice in Wonderland fancy dress is very well-known in contemporary culture & really is a excellent theme for parties and events. Alice in Wonderland costumes are many of the best sellers at most fancy dress companies as they can be very fashionable, particularly for the younger generation.
A Close Look at Cosplay Subculture

Cosplay is a youth subculture originating in Japan. The moniker is derived from the phrases "costume" and "play", and is believed to have been first thought up in 1984 by a Japanese studio govt named Nov Takahashi. When he wrote for Japanese science fiction magazines about the spectacular costumes worn by attendees at the Los Angeles World Science Fiction Conference, he step by step adopted the portmanteau term cosplay, which is used to describe the trend today.

The main function of cosplay is that individuals get pleasure from dressing up as their favorite characters from anime, comedian books, and video games. It has developed to incorporate, significantly when adopted within the west, people dressing up as characters from in style non-Asian fantasy and science fiction motion pictures and video games, equivalent to Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, Doctor Who and World of Warcraft.

As a fashion idea, cosplay has additionally been seen to extend in the direction of a style of dressing up not solely as established, well-known characters, but as characters that the enthusiast has developed themselves. This is typically a crossover into the Japanese Lolita fashion of dress, the place girls put on a particular, cute style. This permits girls who like the look but do not need to totally undertake the Lolita type as street dress to benefit from the less serious " Cosplay Lolita" type at cosplay occasions and venues. 

Additional tendencies and sub-genres in cosplay include " crossplay", which entails wearing the costume of a personality of the alternative sex, and contributors called "dollars", who wear full physique suits and masks to play characters without their own faces on show, slightly like sports activities mascots.

Cosplay is usually one thing that takes place at events, live shows, conventions and venues the place likeminded people meet to point out off their (usually hand crafted) costumes, socialize, and photograph different enthusiasts. The most popular area for these sort of actions is the fashionable Harajuku space of Tokyo. Within the district of Akihabara, plenty of cosplay themed cafes have been opened over the last decade to cater to the cosplayers, and the employees all put on anime themed costumes themselves. 

Twice a yr, tons of of hundreds of cosplayers flock to Tokyo to visit the Comiket convention and market - the largest occasion in the world for cosplay enthusiasts. 

The concept of dressing up and of participating in position play based mostly around standard characters also exists in the west, the place cosplay type outfits are worn to attend science fiction and comic e book conventions. The most important of thes e is held annually in San Diego.
A Fantastic Adventure With Bleach Cosplay Costume

Bleach comes here. You get accesses to join in the fantastic adventure with Zangetsu, Yoruichi Shihouin, Yadoumaru Lisa, etc. Just let this done by designers and cosplay costumes. They will make your dream come true today.

The popularity on the anime of Bleach stretches to almost every corner in the world. It originates from a comic. Short time after its publication, its name is quoted by a software designer. However, this can not make its heat cease. Soon an online game according to the anime was born. Till now, most people have gotten to know this name. Today, various cosplay costumes for Bleach are found on the market.

Cosplay refers to costume play. People take different roles in the show. As a new leisure activity, it becomes hot recently. To completely understand your favorite roles, today' s suppliers help you much. You can bring your passion on the anime to reality. All you need to find are cosplay costumes with perfect details.

Bleach cosplay costumes are some of the most sought-after items. In this collection, attire for Wonderweiss Margera Arrancar, Uryuu Ishida, Tesla, Soi Fong Fighting and so on are covered. Some of them are powerful. Also some of them are graceful. Charming and exotic looks are both created. You really experience the adventure the Bleach team goes through to the fullest.

To create the same look with the role you love; you are required to focus on every part on him. What does he wear? Does he use a weapon? What does his hair look like? These may sound troublesome. However, your enthusiasm for the coming show will never be prevented by these problems because they are really easy to be solved today. 

Besides cosplay costumes for Bleach, you will also find cosplay wigs and weapons in today' s market. Usually, a professional team will offer you all details on a certain role you are looking for. It' s unnecessary to dye or cut your hair. Just put on the costume and wig; you will be the hero you have been dreaming.
A Few Reasons To Be A Superhero

Being a superhero might be something that most people do not aspire much about. However, it is extremely nave to avoid such an honorable thing just because of brightly colored tights you will have to wear. There are more benefits of being a superhero than just avoiding a traffic jam. Let us take a look at the benefits that being a superhero might bring you

body: Automobiles might be the greatest invention of past century, but as automobile technology keeps improving, owning a car is becoming more expensive. There is no use talking about oil prices, but things would be better if it was easy to find cheap auto insurance. Yet, even if someone is lucky enough to find low cost auto insurance, there is one more infliction, the traffic. Roads and highways are literally infested with vehicles. Driving a car, which once used to be a popular means of transport, is now the most common means of torture.

Since, we humans are accustomed to bear with the most annoying of traffic situations sometimes it is just beyond bearable. Typically, all of us face troubling situations, but the greatest of us are the ones who manage to control their temper and act wisely. The wisest thing to do in any case is to follow the examples of those who we admire as great heroes. Take a while and think about what your hero would do in such a situation. Here you will come up with an answer; Superman would probably fly right away to wherever he wants to go, Spiderman has his web, good enough to grab the nearest pole and swing away. Flash would reach the destination before anyone even moved, and Hulk most probably would make his way crushing all the cars, to seek revenge on the perpetrators. Before you are finished improvising about all of your favorite superheroes, the road is clear to go.

Being a superhero might be something that most people do not aspire much about. However, it is extremely nave to avoid such an honorable thing just because of brightly colored tights you will have to wear. There are more benefits of being a superhero than just avoiding a traffic jam. Let us take a look at the benefits that being a superhero might bring you.

Despite the fact that you would be wearing your costume inside-out, no one would point it out and laugh at it. Rather, even the prettiest and wisest of all blondes would first think of you as an airplane.

There could be a lot of color choices for your costume. You could choose between red, blue, green, yellow, and green, yellow red and blue. The list never ends and you could make as many combinations as you wanted.

You would also have a variety of choices over the way you would want to conceal your identity. Changing your hairstyle, wearing an eye mask, a hat or face paint could be a few of the famous ones. If growing your hair back in one second would be one of your superpowers, then you must consider shaving your moustache off every time.

The prettiest lady you ever saved would also be the unluckiest one to fall in dangerous situations again and again. Thus, you will always have the chance to save her day and make yours.

Last and the best, no matter how many buildings you destroy and no matter how many cars you crush, you will always be loved by women, men and children alike.
A First Half-Marathon Experience

So you want to run a half-marathon. Maybe you've already signed up. Maybe you've never gone further than eight or ten miles at this point and you're a little worried. Or maybe you're not worried, and you just want to know more about the experience. If this is you, then read on because two years ago, I never would have dreamed I could run a half-marathon.

Up until that point it had been a fantasy. But not really. I knew I couldn't really do it. I didn't have a trainer. I didn't belong to a running group. I didn't even subscribe to a running magazine. I was just running for myself probably three to five miles a few days a week.

Then one day, while chatting with my son's teacher, I told him I wanted to run this half-marathon, but there was no way I'd be ready for it. 

Mr. French squinted in the sun, raising his arm to shield his face. “Nah, you're ready,” he said. “If you can run ten, what's three more?”

And I had run ten miles--once in my entire life and that was two full months prior, my biggest running achievement ever. I tried to back out gracefully, but he said he'd been thinking about running that race himself, and that he'd take me with him to register. I couldn't back out now.

That's how it came to be that I would run a half-marathon with my son's teacher. I expected that he would go ahead because I'd be slow, but Mr. French said he was going to run the race with me.

“I'm not running this race for speed. I need the mileage,” he said.

I could tell we were at two different spectrums when it comes to physical fitness. Mr. Ironman tri-athlete approached this thing the same way I considered walking to the mailbox. But none of that mattered. I was thrilled that he was willing to run it with me.

“Okay, so my goal is just to finish even if I have to walk a while.”

“That's right,” he said. “But you're going to make it.”

“Yeah, but in case I don't, I want you to keep running.”

He didn't answer, and I was relieved because I figured he agreed with me. Then he me gave some pre-race advice.

“The night before, eat carbs for dinner, spaghetti, bread, something like that. Eat light in the morning, and don't run anymore between now and the race.”

Was I crazy? What am I doing, I thought. I'm just going to slow him down, and possibly irritate him, make him give my kid bad grades. But it didn't happen that way. Not at all.

It seemed like a million people were there, waiting in the early morning fog, stretching, jogging in place, doing runner-type things and wearing runner-type clothing, eating running nutrition bars. I felt out of place, like I'd come to a costume party and I'd forgotten my costume. Lines flowed a mile long from rows and rows of Port-o-Potties. I'm not going in there, I thought. Think again, I found out.

We walked toward the end of the line because he said the faster runners go first. He also said it was best to start out slow to save energy for later. We stayed slow for a couple of miles. At mile three, we took a drink and increased our speed a little. He suggested we take a drink at every aid station.

I started to feel tired at mile five, but I knew part of that was in my own head which was confirmed when Mr. French looked at me and said, “You're not even sweating. Let's pick up the pace.” He glanced at his watch. “Plus, you look way too happy.”

I was happy. Running a half-marathon is FUN. We talked like we were just hanging out, and there were so many interesting and nice people. All walks of life were represented!

He said something about our split time. That's running lingo. My brain dismissed it immediately. Who cares about time? I was having fun.

“We'll see a little hill in a bit.” He warned. “It's going to last until the end of the race.”

Not long after that we ascended this “little hill.” Yeah, it seemed to go straight up. Around the middle of it, I thought I was going to throw up.

Mr. French said that was normal. We only needed to slow down and “Here, take a piece of hard candy.”

Sometime, around forever, I saw banners in the distance.

“Okay now, you go, if you have anything left. Go!” He said.

I found out I did have something left. I picked up and ran hard right through the finish for a time of 2:14. Mr. French followed. It struck me even at that moment. He had let me go ahead, had pushed for me to finish for time. Generous to the end.

Me. I did it. I couldn't believe that I had it in me all along. All I needed was a little encouragement, a little company, and someone to believe in me. 

Even though, when we got to the car, Mr. French said, “I can't believe you ran the whole way. I thought we were going to have to walk for sure.”

Amazing. He had never let on before.

“You know, you did so well,” he added, “you could run a full marathon, no problem.”

Yeah, and I could be President too, I thought. But guess what? It's been two years since that first race, the San Diego AFC. And I have run a couple of marathons. I also signed up with a running club and I subscribe to a running magazine. I guess I'm one of those “runner-types” now. Thank you, Mr. French, wherever you are, for making that a wonderful first half-marathon experience!
A Fun Look At Christmas Greeting Card Trivia

As the holidays approach, I felt that looking into the history of greeting cards would be fun. I discovered a delightful mix of history, statistics, and fun trivia. Sit back and relax for a moment. Escape the stress of the season, and take a little time to learn some things about the Christmas Card. 

- Sending greeting cards can be associated with the ancient Chinese. They absolutely loved to send celebratory good will messages to mark the coming of the new year. The early Egyptians used papyrus scrolls to express their greetings. As early as 1400, the Germans were printing their New Year's greetings. 

- Christmas cards are an English innovation. They were originally penned by boys who were practicing their writing skills. The parents would receive these delightful handmade cards from their sons. 

- Sir Henry Cole commissioned the first commercial Christmas cards in London, in 1843. That year, Sir Henry was to busy to write unique letters for everybody. The card contained the words "A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to You". John Callcott Horsley created the picture on the card, which was of a family hugging and raising their glasses in a toast. The card's design was condemned by critics for promoting drunkenness.

- Commercial Christmas Cards, which first appeared in America, are attributed to Louis Prang. A German immigrant, he opened a small lithographic shop outside of Boston in 1856. Most people agree that he began the US greeting card industry. He was producing more than five million cards a year by 1881. Throughout the 1890's, his cards continued to gain popularity. By this time, Prang was forced to abandon his greeting card production due to the cheap imports, which began storming the market. 

- President Eisenhower issued the first official White House Christmas card in 1953. By the year 1961, the White House was sending out 2000 cards. By 2005, that number had risen to over 1.4 million.

- Current holiday cards can be purchased either in box form or individually. Use the boxed cards to satisfy your mailing list for Christmas, and use individual cards for people that are special to you. 9 out of 10 holiday cards are sold in boxes.

- In 2006, cards were exchanged by 2 billion Americans. 

- Cards were sent by 85% of Americans in 2006.

- For every 3 holiday cards purchased and sent, one has a religious message.

- 30% of greeting card sales annually, can be attributed to the holiday season. 

- Christmas cards are the most popular of all the seasonal cards. They comprise 60% of the total sales. Valentine's Day, at 25%, is a distant second.

- In the United States there is an estimated 3,000 publishers of greeting cards. 

- "Merry Christmas" is the greeting preferred by 53% of Americans 21% of people like "Happy Holidays" and only 12% like "Season's Greetings". 

- When considering which boxed cards to purchase, 56% of us consider the variety of cards offered while 63% base our decision on price. If you use an online distributor you should be able to satisfy both conditions: variety and price. They can put more kinds of cards on display than the average store can, as they have space management issues.

I hope that this was an enjoyable trip into Christmas Card history. Perhaps it explains our obsession with this particular holiday ritual.
A Guide To The Most Popular Ballets Of All Time

I have a question for everyone reading this article. If ballet and dance is considering by American standards to be girly, then why are all of the great ballets written by men and performed mostly by men? It may seem like a trick question but it isn't. The answer is simple. The answer is because ballet isn't girly. 

Ballet is actually a beautifully, artistic way of telling a story. It is a dance form taught in ballet schools according to specific methods and best known for its unique features and techniques, such as pointe work, turn-out of the legs, and high extensions. Ballet is identified for its combination of ethereal qualities along with graceful, flowing, and precise movements.

In case your interest in ballets may be peaked due to reading this story about exciting and complex ballet can be, here is a list of seven of the most famous and popular modern ballets performed across the United States:

The Nutcracker – Originally composed by Tchaikovsky in 1891, this timeless classic is the most performed ballet of the modern era. The first production of The Nutcracker was performed in America by the San Francisco Ballet in 1944 and became an instant Christmas classic, a ritual performed during the holiday season. This great ballet not only has some of the most recognizable music in modern or classical times, but its story brings smiles to the faces of both children and adults.

Swan Lake - Swan Lake is a technically and emotionally challenging classical ballet for even the most adept dancer. At the time of its creation, the music far exceeded its time. Many early performers complained it was too difficult and complex to dance to. There isn't much information about its original production, but the revised version is the base of the many adaptations we see today. It is considered to be the standard of classical ballets which all the rest are compared to.

A Midsummer's Night Dream – Originally written by William Shakespeare as a play, A Midsummer's Night Dream has been adapted to many styles of art. It wasn't until 1962, that it appeared as the full length ballet we know now. A Midsummer's Night Dream is a popular and delightful ballet that almost anybody will love, even those who do not enjoy ballet or dance.

Coppélia - Coppélia is a light-hearted story telling of a man's conflict between idealism and realism, art and life. This comic ballet features a mixture of bright music and lively dancing. Its world premier was a successful in 1871 and continues to be so today.

Peter Pan - The dancing, scenery and costumes are as colorful as the story itself making it a great ballet fit for the entire family even though it is relatively new to the world of ballet. Since there is no one way to perform the piece, it is usually interpreted differently by each producer, choreographer and music director basically making it a new and different show every time it's performed. Even though each production is different, the story itself remains without much variation.

The Sleeping Beauty – Critics call The Sleeping Beauty Tchaikovsky's first famous ballet. While The Nutcracker may be his most famous, this is often referred to as his best. The music in this ballet is just as important as the dancing. The story is a perfect match for ballet with its royal celebrations held in a magnificent castle, the battle of good and evil and the glorious victory of everlasting love. For as long as ballet exists and is performed, this classic ballet will live on.

Cinderella - Many versions of the Cinderella ballet exist, but the most famous are the ones that use Sergei Prokofiev's score. The famous score was combined with a full-length production turning out to be a huge commercial success. Although known to millions as a movie, it's a ballet too, and it deserves equal amounts of attention.
A Plan To Make Assassin's Creed Altair Costume

Guys, if you are a real fan of Assassin's Creed Altair video game, Assassin's Creed Altair costume must delight you for cosplay entertainment. His super cool costume and detailed accessories are set to be most wanted by numerous cosplayers at present. Now here comes a nice plan to make the costume for the real return of cool Altair in Assassin's Creed. 

First, collect good pictures of the costume as possible as you can. This would be very helpful when you are planning and shopping the fabrics. Also make sure you are skilled at cutting and stitching. If not, hire a seamstress to realize your design. 

Second, find nice fabric. A good choice for the robe and cloak would be canvas or linen as they are used a lot in the middle age and look like the texture used in the game. The natural canvas color is really ideal to make the costume. 

Third, look for other parts of his clothes. He has a light grey shirt and grey/tan pants. The shirt could be linen, while the pants could be denim, cotton or a lighter kind of canvas. 

Reminder: If you are lucky, you can also find all separate parts of the costume in different attire stores and alter them to match and form the costume.

Forth, make sure the costume look is finished delicately. According to the picture you collect, find proper fabric for the belt/sash. Also in this regard, use the color that appears rich in a dark shaded texture, which made of 55% rayon 45% linen is perfect. 

Fifth, choose whether we want to make the leather parts out of real leather or leather. If the budget permits, the real leather tends to be more ideal as some kind of leather could have a nice look and texture. 

Sixth, use the ribbon for the “sleeves” of the sleeveless robe. When working on the patterns, the robes, shirts, pants and hood looks are fairly simple to achieve. However, the hardest part of the Altair costume would be the belts. The custom patterns for the large “belt' and hardness seeming boots are both the finishing touches of the vivid ensemble. The sharply vivid details attached matter a lot. You can just finish a detailed cover on a pair of cheap boots!

Finally, find the accessories, the knives and sword. It would not be a problem as long as you find detailed video tutorial online. 

Then do the armor on his left arm, another significant detail of his cool look. This could be done in many ways, sculpting the piece and making a fiberglass or resin copy, out of crack foam, etc.

The last step is to distress the costume for a hard effect. Well, these tips are all on the first phase of making the costume! But it can be predicted that the finished look will be somehow a real return of Assassin's Creed Altair. 

All in all, for Assassin's Creed Altair costume, the fabric choice plays a big role in achieving a good result. If you really worry the budget, blend leather and faux leather for the leather-should part. Some hard textures like linen, canvas and leathers like pig suede are more likely to vividly express that feel of the original look. Wish you a full enjoyment in exploring fun with Assassin's Creed Altair cosplay!
A Preview Of Dollywood Festival Of Nations 2013

Dollywood offers five exciting festivals each year between March and October, all of which are included with park admission. The first of these festivals in 2013 is the Festival of Nations, which is sure to be an exciting event! The 2013 Festival of Nations features music, dance and art from more than 25 different countries around the globe including China, India, Ecuador, Mexico, France, Australia, Uganda, Zambia and Germany. A highlight of the festival is the daily One World Celebration in which performers from all countries gather for a festive street celebration.

Dollywood always offers a delightful selection of delicious food, and the Festival of Nations festival expands these offerings into an international menu called the Passport to Food. Guests will enjoy a variety of ethnic selections such as Irish shepherd's pie, Brazilian beef ribs and Mexican chicken tamales. Shredded chicken from the Philippines and Argentine ribeye steak will also be available among the various dishes.

The special shows at the 2013 Festival of Nations include the all new Mystic India and Cirque Shanghai, as well as the Mariachi Divas, Atahualpa, Zambian Vocal Group, Pause Cafe, Zebra Stelzentheater of Germany, Ugandan Children's Choirs and the Swoon Sway Pole Act. These performances take place throughout Dollywood and show schedules are available online as well as at the park.

One of two new shows at the 2013 Festival of Nations is Mystic India. This fabulous show will take guests on a journey through India using dance, theatre and special visual effects. The Mystic India performances feature a cast of 25 professional dancers, Bollywood style cinema music and hundreds of beautiful costumes. This is one show that visitors to the 2013 Festival of Nations will not want to miss! The production was actually designed in India's film capital, and took 40 designers and workers over a year to complete. Mystic India will take place in Dollywood's Showstreet Palace Theatre.

The second of two new shows to debut at the 2013 Festival of Nations is Cirque Shanghai. This exciting show features Chinese acrobats performing incredible displays of balance and physical strength. The costumed performers from the coast of China will present a variety of breathtaking stunts including hoop diving and dramatic tumbling. This show will be sure to astound guests of all ages! Cirque Shanghai performances will take place at the 1,739 seat Celebrity Theatre adjacent to Dollywood's main entrance.

The Mariachi Divas are an all-female ensemble from Mexico who have won three Grammy awards, and have performed on television numerous times throughout the USA and Mexico. The Mariachi Divas feature unique music incorporated with a Latin mariachi sound and their costumes reflect traditional Mexican mariachi bands. The Mariachi Divas will perform in the Valley Theatre.

Atahualpa is a group from Ecuador who perform a mix of songs using Native Incan instruments with contemporary backups to represent different areas, history and culture of the Andes Mountains. Atahualpa's selection of songs includes traditional music of the Andes, contemporary music and South American dance rhythms. The goal of Atahualpa is to use their music to promote friendship and peace throughout the world. The group will perform their music throughout Showstreet.

The Zambian Vocal Group is a group of Christian ministry performers from several different African tribes. The five men in the group perform acapella using a combination of vocal percussion, harmonies and traditional African rhythms. The Zambian Vocal Group was formed in a small church in Zambia in 1985, and 15 years later the group began raising funds for disadvantaged children in the Chainda community of Lusaka. From those efforts beginning in 2000, the Zambian Vocal Group was successful in forming an organization called Teach One International. The group will perform at the Backporch Theatre.

Pause Cafe is a French duo who performs modern and traditional French music on a mix of instruments, including a rare drum called the hang drum. The duo will perform a selection of both original compositions and well known favorites. Pause Cafe will perform on both the Backporch Theatre and the Valley Theatre.

The Zebra Stelzentheater of Germany will roam the streets of Dollywood in Bavarian folk costumes while on stilts! These tall roaming stilt walkers perform high energy routines throughout the park. Several members of Zebra Stelzentheater will even be dressed as grasshoppers, bouncing along on special spring loaded stilts.

The Ugandan Children's Choirs consist of two separate choirs, Ugandan Thunder and Suubi Tribe, which will perform during the 2013 Festival of Nations. Ugandan Thunder, consisting of children aged from 8 to 15, hail from the Royal School and Orphanage of Mityana, Uganda. Their singing will be sure to impress guests and warm their hearts. Ugandan Thunder will perform at the Valley Theatre from March 23 to March 29. Suubi Tribe, also from Uganda, will perform several Ugandan drum songs as well as several familiar English songs. Ugandan Thunder will perform at the Valley Theatre from April 1 to 7.

Finally, the Swoon Sway Pole Act is a troupe from Melbourne, Australia who performs atop 15 foot tall flexible poles! The performances feature a combination of comedy, theatre and dance, all while swaying in the air. The Swoon Sway Pole act troupe use the flexibility of their poles to sway back and forth at unbelievable angles, and they will perform throughout the day in the Village area of the park.

Dollywood's 2013 Festival of Nations runs between March 23 and April 22 (park closed on Tuesdays and Easter Sunday). In addition to the festival events, Dollywood guests can enjoy the park's wide variety of thrill rides and attractions.
A Sugary Sweet Sixteen Celebration with Sweet Possibilities

Imagine your guests coming for your sweet sixteen party and arriving to see the most colorful and tasty candy centerpieces adorning each table! Your personalized candies arranged in a vase will not only be your centerpiece but also be a special favor for them to take home after the party!

Select your invite to be an “over the top candy invite”. Kids of all ages love candy! Add the candy with a well coordinated party and you will have a winner! A company that offers everything from candy invitations to candy thank yous and all the stuff in between can almost insure that your party will be a huge success. Lollipops, candy sticks, chocolate bars and gum invites are a hit right from the start of your planning stage. Guests receiving a sweet treat attached to the invitation will give them a sneak preview of what is in store for that special sweet occasion. The design for the invite can be the same design used as a theme throughout the party. Another fun idea is a candy image card adorned with bows or rhinestones! Most of these invites mail for regular postage plus $.20 cents or can be handed out to your guests. Pre-parties can be designed just to hand out special candy invites for your upcoming super sweet sixteen event.

Begin the sweet themed party by sending out a unique ‘candy theme' invitation that will allow the guests to get excited about the party and make sure they jot it down on their calendar as an event not to miss. What could be more fun than a sweet sixteen party centered around ‘fun, colorful, personalized and delicious candy'! A fun invitation with candy attached or a candy theme picture on it will tip off the guests to what they can expect when they attend the especially sweet treat event. It's always fun to receive an invitation with an edible treat attached! The invitation can match all the other items for the party so you have a ‘one stop shop' and your party will all be coordinated beautifully. A matching reply card can be included for the guest to respond if they can attend so you will have an idea of how many guests to plan for. When choosing an invitation choose a company offering invites with lots of style whether it be polka dot fun, elegant damasks, or a whimsical flair.

Candy Centerpieces can be used at the tables or on a buffet table in lieu of flowers and each candy can be a favor for the guest to take home at the end of the party. Each candy can have the event name, the birthday girl's name and the date of the event on the personalized card, label or tag attached to the candy. All of this can be done in colors to match the party theme colors. Matching design of table number cards or header cards can adorn the top of the centerpiece. The design can be matching to the invitations they have received. Other decorations can be a matching design on a banner or sign, cupcake wrappers, napkin rings and cupcake toppers. If your party has table seating a matching candy theme design place card can be used with the table number and name of the guest written on it. Candy can be attached to a place card to make it even more special. A fun idea is to use the candy invite as a menu card for guests if a lunch or dinner is served. Candy can also be added to a favorfull, a clear plastic container adorned with a personalized design and a grande topper bow to use as center pieces. Offer a fun candy bar for them to fill them up or have them already filled with tasty candies of all sizes and flavors! Favorfulls can be arranged in a circle at the center of the table make a unique and delicious centerpiece and a favor for each to take when they leave the party.

All kinds of party themes can go with the candy idea; disco party, tiara party, yacht, beach or pool party, exclusive dinner and dance party, 70's tie dye party, Hollywood party, red carpet party, super candy land party, candy buffet party, a design party with images such as butterflies, roses or other flowers, flip flops, peace symbols, rainbows, as well as patterns such as zebra, polka dots, stripes, damask, rhinestones and jeans etc. Popular colors for sweet 16's are bright pink, fushia pink, lime green, bright orange, black and white, red and white, all bright colors, pastel colors, pink and silver, black and silver, purple and lavender, teal and turquoise etc. these theme designs can be on everything; invites, favor tags, place cards, table cards, candy wrappers menu cards, reply cards, banners, signs, cupcake wrappers, cupcake toppers and more… Don't forget to order matching thank you cards or personalized note cards in a matching design for the honoree to thank the guests. 

A candy theme sweet sixteen offers a unique party filled with color, designs and fun tasting treats for your guests and make this a party they will always remember. Using a catchy phrase to thank your guests might be “ It was sweet of you to come!”
A Tour of Coco Chanel's Apartment

'An interior is the natural projection of the soul,' were the wise words of fashion icon Coco Chanel. We want to see the film in all its period costume, rags-to-riches glory, but, interior-geeks that we are, Chanel's apartment gets an Oscar from us first.
The screen bio follows the success of Gabrielle Chanel, a mere seamstress who rapidly progressed to Parisian haute couture with a change of name along the way. If you don't know much about the famous Parisian couturier (who transformed the fashion industry making herself her own muse and adapting men's clothing to replace the frump and frills of lace and corsets) we won't spoil the film for you.

In real life the creative magic happened at 31 Rue Cambon in Paris. Paying homage to the iconic designer, Chanel's apartment has been frozen in time since her death in 1971 and preserves her decor as if she had just designed it. Her mix of occidental and oriental references was groundbreaking in her day.

Above the Chanel store on street level are sprawling mirrored and lacquered dressing rooms. Her apartment takes up the second floor and above that is the design workshop. Coco Chanel designed a mirrored spiral staircase to wind up through the house so she could see what was happening on every level, and especially to watch the reactions of editor's at her fashion shows. Big Brother, eat your heart out.

Her imaginative and experimental style is also showcased in the lacquered Chinese screens that she split and used as wallpaper to adorn the walls. One of three rooms in the apartment, it's home to little more than a low slung chair for inspecting hemlines and an richly ornate mirror. This is in the shape of her trademark bottle of Chanel No. 5 perfume and the Place Vendôme - the nearby Ritz where the design icon spent her nights as well home to Chanel's jewellery boutique. You can't get much quirkier than that.
Her dining room is extremely opulent and indulgent. It's home to more oriental screens, gilt mirrors, busts, lions, and chandeliers with the famous '5's' and double 'C's' made from semi-precious stones interwoven into its design.

Be as cool as Coco with a Jet Clear 14 arm chandelier (£950) at Heal's or be more adventurous like the fashion icon herself with Moooi's chandelier (£5,575), at Foundry Light & Design, which is made from paper, card and papier mache. Juliettes Interiors has a variety of big gilt traditional mirrors as well as an elaborately ornate Augustus Rex console and mirror (£2,820).

The piece de resistance in the 20th century icon's home has to be the sumptuously filled living room. The film shows Tautou languidly reclining on the tan and suede sofa, clutching one of the quilted pillows close to her face. Her sofa reportedly mixes her favourite colour and material and such a combination was quite controversial in the world of interiors at the time. She also held interviews from this sofa and was very choosey about who she allowed to join her on it.

As Tautou brings the first leading lady in fashion back to life, the rest of the living room surrounds her with wooden camels, crystal balls, more chandeliers and screens. A packed wooden bookshelf wraps around yet another gilt mirror and lines the far wall.
Steal her style by sinking into a deep Neoz sofa (£6,732) at Made in Design. Layer lots piles of tan leather and suede cushions (£60), from Heal's and you'll want lounge in it all day, like Chanel, above.

Her mix of oriental, modern and traditional decor was a revolution of interior design at the time and is still around today; a testament to her design prowess, eye for detail and timeless chic style.
A Wicked Cosplay Costume For You-worshiper Of Ryuk

It' s really difficult to imagine the popularity of Death Note. You will never understand the reason for its incredible fame until reading the anime by yourself. This comic stirred up a hot tide like today' s luxuries from a certain worldwide known designer as soon as it was published. Till now, its heat has not ceased.

Today, there are many suppliers advertising for their Death Note animation costumes. Especially before the arrival of a festival like Halloween, both retailers and wholesalers become so busy. Are you also a worshiper of the comic of Death Note?

Any devotee of above anime will never neglect the role of Ryuk. This monster looks ugly actually. But its power attracts most people. Appearing with a completely black suit, its wicked style lies around the whole tale.

Thorn-like shawl and apron are applied on Ryuk' s costume. A leather belt with skeleton embellishment in the middle is tied around the waist. People who are interested to take this vicious role will also have to find the large weapon-a reaping hook.

It' s much more time-consuming for the cosmetician to make up for this role in the reality show. Exaggerating eyes and blue hues on corners of mouth both require attention. Thick foundation make-up is used to make a completely pale face.

After costume is put on and the make-up is finished, it' s time to deal with your hair. This devil emerges with awfully erect hair. Certainly, you will not want to make your own hair to be like that, let alone keeping it for daily work. Therefore, select a wig please.

You will not care the style while purchasing the costume. Also, you will not mind the hairstyle of the wig you need. What really plays a part for your party look is similarity. Both the wig and costume must be extremely similar with the style in the anime. As for the costume, there is another significant factor. Even though it costs you only a little, it does cost. You will never want to see it cracks after being worn only once, will you? So bear in mind to focus on the quality.
Acting Tips On What To Wear & Not Wear At Auditions

This is an extremely important part of auditioning. You should always dress for auditions, according to the “type” or "character" being cast. Know what you have been type cast for and wear appropriate clothing to match. This information should be clearly stated in the information provided by your talent agent or within the casting call brief.

If the character brief asks for a “sexy, attractive, young lady”, be sure you wear some figure hugging clothes and a skirt that will show of your legs, as opposed to trousers, jeans or a smock dress. If the brief is for a business man, then be sure to wear a business suit and tie as opposed to jeans and a T-shirt. If you don't own a suit, then borrow or rent a good one.

Choose shirts or tops with collars or a “V” neck as they will be the most flattering to the camera. Do be sure to dress neatly. Make a good first impression. Remember, how you look will be the first impression you make to the decision makers.

Possibly more important than knowing what to wear to an audition is knowing what you should NOT wear. Here are some tips for you to consider when dressing for an audition.

· Don't wear black tops, shirts, jackets, sweaters or jerseys etc., unless specifically requested to do so. Black will absorb a great deal of light and will possibly make you look unhealthy.

· Don't wear white or light pastel tops, blouses, shirts, jackets, sweaters or jerseys etc., unless specifically requested to do so. White will absorb light and make you look blurred.

· Don't wear turtlenecks unless specifically requested to do so. They do not flatter you and people may wonder what you could be hiding under there.

· Don't wear an excessive amount of jewelry unless the role requires you to do so. A large number of bracelets or bangles will only distract the decision makers (and make lots of noise). As will large earrings and every finger covered in rings. Less is best!

· Don't wear sandals or flip flops. Although it may be a hot summer's day and they feel comfortable, it is not a good idea. Be sure to wear some closed toe shoes that are suitable to the role being cast.

· Don't wear clothes with crazy designs or patterns on them. This will just be another distraction to the viewers (those deciding on whether to cast you or not). 

· Don't wear visible logos or clothing with visible writing or branding. The brand you are wearing could be a competitor to the advertiser and you will lose their interest quickly.

· Don't wear clothing with branding for the company you are auditioning for. Although, it sounds like a good idea, it will come across as trying too hard.

· Don't arrive in full costume unless specifically requested to do so. There should be enough costume at the audition. One or two items of costume clothing that may set you apart from the competition is OK, just don't be excessive. 

* Always remember, too many distractions will take the focus away from YOU!

If you are ever unsure what to wear then go as conservative as possible. However, you should always consider carrying an extra bag or suitcase in your car with different outfits you can quickly change into if required to do so. You may find that at an audition, the outfit you have chosen is not appropriate and therefore you can quickly remedy that with an outift change. Carrying extra clothing with you
is also good practice for situations where you may be requested by the casting director to audition for a different role. Finally, having extra clothes at your immediate disposal is most advantageous when you find you have spilled that cup of coffee all over your audition outfit.
Add Spark to Your Love Life with Sexy Costumes

If your love life is feeling routine and the spark is threatening to go out, breathe some fresh air into the mix by using sexy costumes. Whether you would like to admit it or not, everyone has a fantasy. For most guys the Farrah Fawcet in the red swimsuit fantasy is ranked right up there with the Princess Leia in the bikini fantasy. Of course, any occupation with the word “sexy” listed before it finishes out the trifecta of guy fantasies. These include sexy nurses, police officers, maids, flight attendants, pirates, and even a lunch lady is she's sexy enough!

Women on the other hand typically have fantasies about strong, capable men. Most women start drooling the moment they see anyone in uniform, including soldiers, sailors, police officers, fire fighters, or sports figures. However, women can become caught up in a fantasy that involves them dressing up in a provocative outfit just as easily as men. After all, why would any woman agree to wear a sexy costume if there wasn't something in it for her?

Wearing sexy costumes is nothing to be ashamed or embarrassed about, as many couples exercise these play roles to keep their love life from becoming tired, listless, or dull. Just because you use sexy costumes in your relationship does not mean that you no longer want to be with your partner, which is a common misconception. Just because you have a desire to see your wife or girlfriend in a skimpy maid's outfit does not mean you have a secret wish to have sex with a maid. Instead, these fantasies allow us to cast ourselves and our loved one in a unique setting in order to experience something different. Think of it like Halloween, but instead of candy, you get something much more satisfying.

There are several different variations of sexy costumes that are available for purchase. If you are entering into the idea of fulfilling a fantasy for either yourself or your partner, you may be unwilling to purchase some of the more provocative costumes on the market. Consider starting out small by using accessories and accents to make a unique statement or choose a more subdued costume that is subtly sexy. Although there are only two people in a relationship, and you may have many years of history to fall back on, there can still be embarrassment present, so be sure to speak of any issues that may be of concern for either you or your partner.

Think of sexy costumes like lingerie or any other provocative clothing meant to get a rise out of your partner. When purchasing sexy costumes, you should be sure to choose a costume not only for its look, but also for its construction and materials. By purchasing a high quality costume, you can be sure that your partner will be able to enjoy his or her fantasy for many, many years to come. Most often, the fantasy wears out before the costume!

In addition to wearing a sexy costume to keep your sex life jumping, consider using different areas in your home for those intimate moments. A scantily clad maid is far more convincing on the kitchen table than in the bed. Furthermore, that muscle-clad mechanic will be a good deal more enjoyable in your garage to keep the fantasy realistic. Keep in mind that sexy costumes differ from person to person. What you consider sexy is probably different that what your friends consider sexy, but fantasies are unique to each individual. Be sure to support your partner with whatever fantasy tickles his or her boat and enjoy the ride!
Address The Hidden Causes Of High Blood Pressure

Before I address the high blood pressure risk factors that you may have and not know about and tell you what you can do about them, let's go over a few basics. 

Blood Pressure Basics

Your arteries are responsible for carrying blood from your heart to the rest of your body. With each heartbeat, your heart pumps blood into your arteries. The force that your blood exerts on your artery walls is called blood pressure.

When your doctor gives you a blood pressure reading, it's always represented as a fraction, such as 120/80. The top number represents your systolic pressure, which is your blood pressure when your heart beats. The bottom number is your diastolic pressure—the pressure in between beats, when your heart is at rest. 

A blood pressure reading of 120/80 or less is healthy, and a reading of 140/90 or higher is hypertensive. A systolic reading between 121 to 139, or a diastolic reading between 81 to 89, is considered prehypertension. While this may not sound serious, even slightly elevated blood pressure is dangerous and must be treated.

Monitor Your Own Blood Pressure

The best way to proactively maintain healthy blood pressure is to monitor it on your own. Your blood pressure varies naturally according to what's going on in your body and mind at the time. So, no single reading can accurately represent what your blood pressure is overall. For this reason, I believe that every household should have a digital blood pressure machine (which can easily be found at most pharmacies). 

To monitor your blood pressure, I suggest checking it about every four hours for three days straight. Keep a log of each reading, noting the time, what you were doing, and your emotional state. Then, average the systolic and diastolic figures to create a daily average. 

If your blood pressure is 120/80 or lower, you are in good shape (although I still recommend that you follow a daily heart health routine that includes the steps below). If you find that your blood pressure is higher than 120/80 (even slightly), you need to start lowering those numbers immediately. 

In a nutshell, a heart health routine should include: 

• No saturated fats and a mostly vegetarian diet, with foods rich in omega-3 fatty acids such as ground flaxseed and salmon. 

• Daily exercise for 30 minutes, preferably more. 

• Heart-healthy supplements taken every day, such as 60–120 mg of CoQ10, 600–1,000 mg of L-carnitine, and 800–1,000 mcg of folic acid. 

• Avoid cigarettes and secondhand smoke.

Fight the Other Risk Factors

While healthy lifestyle habits are crucial in helping to maintain normal blood pressure, there are factors that may contribute to high blood pressure that you don't even know about. I'll describe each factor and then tell you what else you can do to reduce your risk. 

Amazing Arginine 

A gas called nitric oxide is produced by the cells that line your arteries. It diffuses into the arterial walls and relaxes them, naturally lowering blood pressure. Without adequate nitric oxide, arteries stay too tense and blood pressure goes up. Taking a moderate dose of supplemental L-arginine significantly lowers blood pressure in patients whose values are elevated and, just as importantly, doesn't significantly lower blood pressure in people whose values are normal to begin with (October 2004, Journal of Nutrition). 

In one study, 29 volunteers (10 of whom had elevated blood pressure) took 1 gram of L-arginine twice daily. At the end of just one week, the systolic pressure in those who started with elevated blood pressure was 11 points lower (March 2006, Alternative Medicine Reviews). 

I recommend taking 1–2 grams of L-arginine twice daily with food—though not a high-protein meal, since protein can interfere with absorption.

Calming GABA

GABA is a calming neurotransmitter made from the amino acid glutamic acid. GABA is known to control blood pressure by inhibiting the release of the stimulant neurotransmitter noradrenaline. Studies have shown that a variety of prescription blood pressure medications work, at least in part, by increasing GABA levels. Fortunately, there are a number of natural ways to achieve the same effect. 

In a 12-week study, the systolic and diastolic values in 39 hypertensive patients decreased by 17 and 7 points, respectively, within just two weeks of taking supplemental GABA (March 2003, European Journal of Clinical Nutrition). In another 8-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of 50 men and women with mild hypertension, daily supplementation with GABA safely reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressure by 10 and 5 points, respectively (2006, Yakuri To Chiryo). 

To help lower elevated blood pressure that's exacerbated by stress and an insufficient amount of calming neurotransmitters, I recommend 1,000 mg of GABA twice a day.

Detoxifying Sulfur Compounds

While you probably know that heavy metals are toxic, you may not know that high blood pressure is one of the effects of their toxicity. But sulfur-containing nutrients help the body eliminate these heavy metals. 

Heavy metals such as mercury and lead are virtually impossible to avoid these days. Mercury is abundant in fish that live in polluted waters, as well as in dental amalgams. Astonishingly, an average of one in five women of childbearing age has mercury levels that exceed the Environmental Protection Agency's recommended limit. And this statistic doesn't even include older women, who aren't as widely studied for mercury toxicity, but who are equally affected. 

Lead is even more readily found in the environment—particularly in polluted drinking water, soil, and air. Many older houses have been painted with lead-based paint, which can chip away, get into the air, and add to the risk of exposure. And even the most seemingly innocuous things like metal costume jewelry, candles (in particular, wicks), and ceramics have been shown to contain harmful levels of lead. 

Sulfur binds to these heavy metals so that they can be eliminated from the body. Therefore, people who don't have enough sulfur in their body are especially sensitive to the toxic effects of mercury and lead. Supplementing with sulfur compounds naturally restores the body's ability to bind to heavy metals and escort them out through the urine or stool. 

I recommend using N-acetyl cysteine (NAC) and SAMe. NAC enhances urinary excretion of heavy metals, and SAMe reduces the toxic effects of lead and enhances the enzymes that support liver detoxification and the binding of lead in the bile for elimination. 

I advise that every person, especially those who have high blood pressure, get tested for the presence of heavy metals. If test results show that you have heavy metal toxicity, I suggest taking up to 1,200 mg of NAC daily or 400 mg of SAMe two to four times a day with meals. For prevention and general health, I recommend 600 mg of NAC daily or 200–400 mg of SAMe twice a day with meals. 

It's Also in Your Head

Your three-day log of blood pressure readings will probably demonstrate what most people already know—that your mental state plays a role in your blood pressure. But, just as your mind can be part of the problem, you can also train it to be part of the solution. 

Many of my patients have reported great success in lowering their high blood pressure by using Qigong, meditation, deep breathing, and biofeedback training. Biofeedback seems tailor-made for lowering blood pressure because it can easily monitor finger temperature, which drops when blood pressure rises. When programmed to give a signal linked to finger temperature, biofeedback can teach patients to raise or lower their blood pressure on command. 

In one study, 204 British industrial workers with blood pressures of 140/90 or higher were randomized to receive either eight weeks of biofeedback (the treatment) or educational materials (the control). At the end of the eight weeks, systolic and diastolic pressures dropped in the biofeedback group an average of 19 and 10 points, respectively. Eight months later, readings were not only still low, but they had actually dropped a couple more points (June 1981, British Medical Journal). 

To find a certified biofeedback practitioner, visit the Biofeedback Certification Institute of America's Web site, www.bcia.affiniscape.com. You also can try biofeedback on your own by using the ThoughtStream biofeedback device, available at www.mindplace.com.

Another useful modality is autogenic training, used alone or in conjunction with biofeedback. Autogenic training teaches mental exercises that increase warmth and heaviness in the extremities, which further lowers blood pressure. An excellent book on this subject is The Relaxation and Stress Reduction Workbook by Martha Davis, Elizabeth Eshelman, and Matthew McKay. 

I get countless questions from women who have high blood pressure. In fact, next to menopause-related symptoms, high blood pressure is the biggest health concern that my readers have. I hope that this article helps to answer some of your questions and provides practical, effective ways to lower your blood pressure and improve your heart health.
Adult Belle Costume

Halloween is hardly 60 days away. Yes, another year has come and before we know it, would be gone forever, BUT for the lingering magic, mystic and charm of the Adult Belle Costume, Halloween would not be a cherished memory for many of the young ladies who may chose that costume for the night's festivities.

Make 2009 something to remember by dressing in a Halloween Costume that would stand out among all costumes. Look your sexiest in an Adult Belle Costume.

The magnetic charm of Disney characters continue to draw children towards them from all over the world. Disney Princesses seem to be a fixation not only with girls of all ages, but even with the older and more mature girls, ladies and women.

This has led to costume manufacturers making sure that there are adult size and plus size versions for the costume of that famous Disney Princess, Belle.

The interesting character, with such wonderful tales to surround her never fails to ignite the fancy of the young and now the older alike, which happens to be the strongest complement to the imaginations that have created such a charming and endearing character.

It is not only the children and the little girls, who are simply fascinated by the idea of this princess. Teenagers and young ladies too seem to be enticed by the images of beauty and elegance that flash across, the very moment they start talking about the princess Belle who is truly a character made for fantasies.

Which female wouldn't want to step into the long dressy gowns that forms part of the Adult Belle costume?

The story of this beautiful woman held hostage by a monster holds special appeal to women, girls and children of all ages.

Disney's animated feature grossed over $330 million in revenue at the box office worldwide when it was released almost 18 years ago.

It is no wonder then that at every Halloween, the Belle Princess costume is in high demand; the magical appeal of some fairy tales never die, and they do not just linger on either, they live on forever.

Halloween of 2009 would be very special for a lot of young ladies. Special only because they chose foe the night the adult belle costume.
