Dance Costumes, Ballroom Dresses and Dancewear by Chrisanne

The end goal at CHRISANNE was always to produce high end products that create a statement. The partnership between the brands gave CHRISANNE kudos as the costumers of choice for celebrities and professionals alike. For these customers, buying a CHRISANNE dress was not simply purchasing a throw away outfit that went out of style within a season – it was a piece of couture delicately hand crafted with unique SWAROVSKI® art work.  The dazzling effect of CRYSTALLIZED Swarovski Elements on the lavishly hand crafted fabrics leaves onlookers mesmerized. These are dresses crafted to enhance a person's performance, whilst also transcending the whims of fashion.

 CHRISANNE's 20 year relationship with SWAROVSKI was founded on a joint vision for achieving the best quality through craftsmanship. SWAROVSKI is synonymous with luxury and the finest, precision cut crystals.

 CHRISANNE's reputation precedes itself having created iconic and mesmerising dresses, and costumes that have been seen on shows such as "Strictly Come Dancing", "Dancing on Ice", "The Royal Variety Performance", "So you think you can Dance", and "Britain's Got Talent".

 Whether it is costuming, dancewear, fabric, or tailor made crystallized garments CHRISANNE has 23 years of sartorial experience in the industry. They are the market Leaders and innovators of Ballroom and Latin dance fashions, and the chosen costumers of the professional world dance champions. CHRISANNE supply fabrics and trimmings to the likes of Jimmy Choo, Matthew Williamson, Gareth Pugh, and Philip Treacy, to name but a few. Most recently they have worked in collaboration with high society designer Isabell Kristensen to create the much coveted range of ethereal haute couture ball gowns.

 Expert staff deliver customers an exceptional, personalised service tailored to the unique style of each event, and each client. This service ranges from hand applied CRYSTALLIZED Swarovski Elements to unique, hand painted textile art. CHRISANNE have created bespoke outfits for Dame Edna (MAC cosmetics' muse), as well as custom made Swarovski crystal encrusted jackets for the likes of Cliff Richard and Louis Mariette (as seen on Living TV's, Britain's Next Top Model). When getting noticed for one's outfit is as important as the job at hand being performed, CHRISANNE aim to be one step ahead of the trends du jour.

 CHRISANNE operates at the premium end of the market with a high emphasis on uniqueness of design, in combination with top class craftsmanship in garments. Be it a bespoke outfit, Fabrics, or Crystals they are the suppliers of choice to celebrities, stylists, designers, and dressmakers worldwide. The likes of Jodie Kidd, Lisa Snowdon, Alesha Dixon, Kelly Brook, Rachel Hunter, and Penny Lancaster have all been seen on "Strictly come Dancing" in these BAFTA nominated costumes. It is no surprise therefore that CHRISANNE apparel has been seen on the pages of Grazia, The Guardian, Best Magazine, You Magazine, The Daily Mirror, The Daily Mail, The Evening Standard, The Express, The Radio and TV Times, and the conglomerate website known as This is London.
Costume Jewellery

It is the reigning rage of youth and a hot favorite amongst people who care a bit about making a striking fashion statement. A large ring here, a chunky neck piece there- costume jewellery adds so much of oomph to your outfit that it is really worth a wear. 

What Costume Jewellery is
Essentially any kind of jewellery made from inexpensive materials is called costume jewellery. However, it ideally includes large, over the top designs and gaudy pieces that shine out with extra visibility. Large, inexpensive stones, chunky metals, glass, ribbons etc are the materials used in such jewellery. Costume jewellery is also sometime referred as imitation jewellery. It can be of contemporary design following the latest trends or it could be a traditional, elaborate jewellery look alike. It is indeed quite a cool way to accessorize your attire as it instantly draws attention towards it. However most of the time costume jewellery is supposed to be flashy and off beat, there are imitated versions of rich, luxurious jewellery also available that are subdued and elegant.

Origins of Costume Jewellery
This kind of jewellery aptly derives its name from the yesteryears of stage shows and theatre performance. We all know that any clothing worn for a performance or enactment of any kind is called a costume. The jewellery that the artists for such shows wore was also loud and big enough to be easily viewable from a distance to the audience. This kind of jewellery later caught on as a fashion trend and soon became a much sought after thing. Based on its original usage, it got its name as costume jewellery that is still being popularly used. Costume jewellery however is now not just restricted till the stage shows and is embraced by common people in its multi hued forms.

Costume Jewellery Pieces
Today you get almost everything in costume jewellery. Be it rings, neck pieces, ear rings, anklets, bracelets or brooches. Costume jewellery has a large variety and has all kind of ranges. Rings with large stones, metal neck strings, bead bracelets, or hoped ear rings, everything can be found in costume jewellery. If you want to go traditional or you want that contemporary chic look, costume jewellery can spike up your attire like nothing else.

Availability
Costume jewellery is as easily available today as are tomatoes! You get them on every related shop, in large malls and fashion stores. What's more, costume jewellery is even available on the internet in quite a fascinating range. Getting your hands on a matching piece of jewellery is really as easy today as surfing the internet. So, go ahead, make your day and add an instant appeal to your outfit with one of those chunky, cool pieces!
Costume Jewelry - A Popular Piece Throughout History

There's virtually no difference among antique jewelry and costume jewelry. Costume Jewelry dates back to the 1930s. From the concept of antique that is going to also make the item antique. Even so, the majority jewelry professionals have come to agree with the fact that antique jewelry pre-dates the 1930s.
Costume Jewelry came into being in the 1930s being a inexpensive disposable jewelry intended to be put on together with a special wardrobe, but is not meant to be passed down with generations. It was designed to be in vogue for a brief period of time, fall out of fashion, and after that be repurchased to fit a whole new wardrobe purchase, as well as with a new fashion style. It grew to become available in vast amounts throughout the thirties.
Cheap jewelry of course existed before the 1930s. Paste or glass jewelry as far back as the 18th century. The rich had their fine jewelry copied for various factors, utilizing paste or glass stones. Through the mid 1800s with the growth on the middle class there was at this point various qualities of jewelry being manufactured implementing fine, semi-precious and base elements. Fine jewelry of gold, diamonds, fine gems just like emeralds and sapphires went on being manufactured. Bracelets produced from rolled gold, which is known as a thin coating of gold mounted to a base metal, moved into the market for the middle class. This kind of jewelry had been typically set with semi-precious jewels for instance amethyst, coral or perhaps pearls, and therefore had been even more cost-effective. Next there was jewelry in which virtually anyone could have the funds for, consisting of glass stones and base metals designed to appear to be gold. All 3 forms were meant to become transferred to upcoming generations.
Generally there are indications that will help somebody determine what period a piece of jewelry is from; theme, materials, the type of item. By way of example dress clips came in within the 1930s and then ended up out of style by the 50s. Jewelry demonstrates types, creations, hues as well as gemstones from the years. For example from 1910 to 1930 silver had been the popular coloration pertaining to metal, therefore jewelry seen in platinum, white gold, silver or a base metal was tinted to appear like silver. By WWII, gold ended up being trendy once again but in little supply, as it had been essential to the world war effort. What gold had been accessible ended up being made into very lean sheets and, sometimes glued onto silver (called vermeil) before being becoming jewelry. Through the 1930s rhinestones reputation was ever increasing within European countries. It has not been designed for the Us citizens before 40s. Therefore, most of the items out of this period of time often include plenty of metal along with a single stone or possibly a little bunch of very small rhinestones.
Today is probably not much different from earlier periods. We all continue to have fine jewelry, semi-precious jewelry, of course costume jewelry accessible to us. Costume jewelry can bring the final touch and present your fashion sense. Costume Jewelry fashion of earlier years are actually becoming very fashionable and several are increasingly being produced. Even with costume jewelry there exists a distinction in level of quality. New pieces would not have the vibrance within the gemstones or perhaps the weight with the mature items.
Vintage and antique costume jewelry are both enjoyable to collect and pleasurable to dress in. No more is costume jewelry only collectable, It really is in style, and trendy, and a fantastic chat beginner. Dress to impress!
Costume Jewelry And Sterling Silver Jewelry

Costume jewelry is often created with non-precious metals, usually gold or silver plated, plus with, or without beads plus stones. Costume jewelry has been popular around the world for thousands of years. The Ancient Egyptians are known to have worn decorative beaded necklaces plus Cleopatra is probably one of the original wearers of what they now call costume jewelry. In more recent times the people of the Germanic plus Slovak regions became highly skilled at developing intricate patterns in glass beads. However, beadwork used in costume jewelry is not only limited to glass.

A large variety of materials are traditionally used to make beads such as jet, wood, amber, gemstones, pottery, ceramic, metals, horn, coral, ivory, tortoiseshell plus pearls. Some modern materials such as plastics, nylon plus even polycarbonate variants are also used to make beads. Costume jewelry can be antique, period, or contemporary plus there's many collectors of every style of costume jewelry. Venetian glass pieces of costume jewelry are particularly collectable as well as being popular for people to wear.

Sterling silver is an excellent choice in china jewelry. Long lasting, easy to care for, plus so attractive. Buying china jewelry sterling silver can be a lot of fun but it can also be confusing.

Whether you are looking at sterling silver for a gift for that special somebody or looking to add to your own jewelry to make that fashion of statement, it is important you understand the terms that are used throughout the industry.

It doesn't matter whether you are buying on line or at your local store. It doesn't matter if you are buying in the united states or Canada or in Europe or China. The terminology used to explain silver are the same around the world.

Three times you understand the terminology you will be better equipped to select quality pieces of sterling silver jewelry plus you will be able to complete your purchases with a lot more confidence.

Everyone knows how attractive sterling silver is plus how durable it's, that is one of the reasons it is such a popular choice. Plus of work let us not forget how affordable it's!

Sterling silver jewelry has always been popular plus remains so today. Sterling silver jewelry has also shared it time in the limelight but in recent years its popularity has exploded. That is because buyers are looking for something a little more unique than modern sterling silver can offer.
Costume Jewelry- Don't Let Those Old Items Gather Dust!

Women who love costume jewelry know that one of its greatest advantages is the affordability that allows us to experiment with a variety of styles, colors and themes. However, as with any new purchase, those beautiful new necklaces, bracelets, earrings and so on that you were so excited about eventually get old and wind up stuffed in the back of a drawer or the bottom of a jewelry box. Sometimes we just get bored with them and want to try something new.

In any case there are measures we can take to revive those old outdated costume jewelry pieces. We can find new unconventional uses for those items that are still in fairly good condition or simply unload them (not trash them) to make room for new costume jewelry.

For those costume jewelry pieces that are a little worn or outdated we can rejuvenate them by first giving them a thorough cleaning, polishing and/or re-plating. For general plating instructions and supplies check out www.shorinternational.com. Click on the contents and search page tab and then click on plating gateway. There are several plating options ranging from simple and inexpensive (e.g. dipping solutions which have been used with varying results from good to poor) to more advanced techniques involving heat or electricity. If you are uncomfortable with any of these methods, there are companies that specialize in jewelry plating. However, the expense may make this an unviable option unless the piece has sentimental value. For silver plated costume jewelry there is an easy all-in-one cleaning, polishing and re-plating cream called Silver Brite which has worked well for me in the past. Once the polishing or re-plating is done try mixing an matching items . For example, if you have a special costume jewelry pendant, brooch or ring, try giving it new flair by adding a contemporary chain. Or you can add new charms to your favorite bracelet. Just make sure they come with jump rings so the can be attached to your bracelet.

However, if you simply want to unload those old costume jewelry items to make room for the new, try your local flea market. Flea markets are a great place to sell used items. Some flea markets allow vendors to sell without a tax id number. You simply need to show up early, preferably a few minutes before opening time and request a booth which in my area costs anywhere from $12 to $18 a day. If you're willing to let your costume jewelry go at very cheap prices (around $2.00 or less each) you should be able to sell many of those items and make a little money to boot.

If you don't want to deal with selling your costume jewelry, and if you can afford to do so, simply give the items to your local Goodwill or post them in the free section of Craigslist.

As for costume jewelry pins, earrings, or pendants (with a color matched safety pin) that are still in good condition but you have perhaps grown bored with wearing, try an unconventional approach. Use them to adorn decorative pillows, curtains, or stuffed animals in your home. Invest in a box picture frame and use it as a decorative display for your costume jewelry necklaces, bracelets, rings, etc. You can even hang them directly on the wall but a frame will protect them from dust and staining. You can also use them with a little lace or ribbon to spruce up vases and planters. Just be careful not to get them wet. Or just display them in a curio cabinet. Be creative!

Everyone knows that costume jewelry is stylish and fun, but who knew it could be so versatile? By coming up with new creative ideas, costume jewelry becomes about more than just the latest fad. It is an expression of who you are.
Costume Shoes: For Walks Down Halloween Lane

The earliest shoes were sandals and the first soft shoes were worn by the mountain people who lived on the Iranian border and date back to 1600-1200 BC. They were made of wraparound leather and resembled the modern day moccasin. The modern shoestring, or shoelace, is English in origin and dates back to 1790. Before this time, buckles fastened shoes. Generally speaking, until about 1850, most shoes were made in such a way that there was no difference between the left shoe and the right. In 1858, an American inventor named Lyman Reed Blake invented a special sewing machine for sewing the soles of shoes to the upper parts. Soon after in 1878, Charles Goodyear (of tire fame) invented the Goodyear Welt, which was a machine made expressly for sewing boots and shoes. Find the perfect costume shoes that will make your costume the best without breaking the bank!

If you have most of your Halloween outfit and are looking for costume shoes to match, select carefully. An Elvis outfit, for example, would be really nifty with a pair of “blue suede shoes,” which most likely you would not have a pair of in your bedroom closet. (You never know, however, and if you do, then you may have everything you will need after all.) A renaissance costume wouldn't be the same without a pair of rustic looking knee high boots. Even a sexy costume wouldn't be the same without a pair of platform shoes.

Costume shoes are difficult to make, and while you may be able to improvise with other elements of the costume, it is more than likely that you will have to buy the shoes that will complete your outfit. Don't despair, for there are many different costume shoes to choose from. 

Consider some of the following:
• Gangster Two-Tone
• Witch Vampire Platform Calf Boot
• Bumble Bee Sexy

There are a lot of inexpensive ways to create the illusion of a costume shoe. Are you going as a pirate? No worries. Rather than buying an additional pair of knee high boots, you can select a pair of boot tops instead. These are inserts that give an old, rustic feel to the tops of your boots. It takes a normal pair of boots you wear everyday and gives them a boost.

The Halloween costume fantasy is yours alone but whatever look you are trying to achieve, the right Halloween Shoes and Halloween Boots will complete the look. 
Costume Shop Assistance With Film Or Play Productions

Films, television shows, and plays often depend on a local costume shop to get things moving. It is about more than just racks of clothing or even the occasional accessories. Production companies need a place to work and storage space in addition to some of the basic details including racks, pins, sewing materials and other supplies. In these instances, it does take a large group of people all working together to get just one actor or actress in the right wardrobe at the right time. 

Space to Plan, Organize, and Store Wardrobes

While everyone working on any type of movie production has some clue as to what they want an actor or actress to be wearing in any given scene, often adjustments need to be made. A large costume shop offers plenty of space for these types of things to be handled. Workers need to be able to compare different potential outfits and make a decision. They need to be able to have the space to put things together and set them aside once they are complete. Because movies, plays and shows all require coordination between characters, they need to keep everything close by in case they need to make adjustments.

Workers will need access to all of the wardrobe options and there are usually multiple people all working at the same time to get things organized and ready to go. A costume shop with plenty of space can become wardrobe central and make this process easier for any production company.

Access to Clothing and Accessories

Ideally, a production company wants access to as many wardrobe and accessory options available. When a local business has multiple options, they tend to be at the top of the list to work with. The goal is to be able to provide variety as well as the specific items requested. Many times these types of wardrobe business will coordinate with other local businesses to try and find exactly what a production company needs. A costume shop also needs to be able to keep all of the wardrobe pieces together and protected. Many are used day after day and may also need to be washed in between uses. 

Tailor and Seamstress Services

Finally, it is important that a costume shop be able to provide both tailoring and seamstress services to ensure that all of the items fit properly. Many of these businesses provide these services to individuals coming in for something to wear over the holidays or to a dress up party. Production companies require these same services but on a much larger scale. These workers need to be on hand at all times to make last minute changes.
Costume Shops Allow Customers To Be A Character For A Day

Looking for a fun way to spend an afternoon? Meet a friend at one of your local costume shops. You can examine hundreds of wardrobe pieces, play dress up, and put together a combination of items that make for the perfect disguise. It doesn't even have to be Halloween time. You can take the time to plan ahead or purchase something for that impromptu party you've wanted to host for a while now. Just think of the possibilities. If Independence Day is fast approaching, you could bid a patriotic welcome to your barbecue guests dressed like Uncle Sam. For that upcoming college football gathering, dress like a referee, a crazed fan whose body is painted in the team colors, or even a cheerleader. That will certainly get your guests in the spirit.

Costume shops should be able to offer everything you need to complete a look. Whether you are interested in renting a costume or buying one, you can complement your outfit with various accessories like hats, shoes, jewelry, and even makeup. Also, keep in mind that many costume shops can tailor items or even custom make something that suits your needs. Just let the shopkeeper know what you have in mind. The person will have someone who can sketch up a design and take your measurements. Then, before you know it, you will have the terribly frightening or hilariously comedic outfit that you imagined.

There are many holidays for which people like to dress up or wear festive accessories to show that they are ready to celebrate and have a good time. On St. Patrick's Day, many individuals like to wear leprechaun hats, four-leaf clover emblems, or even red wigs. To celebrate Mardi Gras, you might be able to find colorful beads, garish masks, or outfits combining the signature green, gold, and purple hues. Regardless of where you live, this is a great way to show your love for Carnival season and the Crescent City.

Whether you know exactly what you want or are open to suggestion, costume shops are great places to explore and let your imagination run wild. Playing dress up is an adult past time as much as it is for children. Don't wait until the Halloween rush. The next time you are ready to explore your inner child, spend a few hours browsing at a costume store in your area. Someone will always be available to help you find what you need, and you may just find the ideal outfit for that next festive occasion on your calendar.
Costume Stores Can Spark Your Imagination

If you've been invited to an event that involves masquerading as someone or something else, checking out how the offerings at costume stores can spark your creativity. If you are not used to thinking in this creative manner, it might be overwhelming to receive the invitation for the Halloween Party or Roaring 20's Night from your employer or friend. Once you start looking at the possibilities, your mind might start overflowing with imaginative ideas.

Political Icons

If you love following the spin in politics, you might adore dressing as one of your favorite or most despised office holders. Some popular politicians to dress up as include those in modern times such as President Obama or Vice-President Biden, or some past presidents like Richard Nixon or Bill Clinton. If you're a history buff, you might want to pose as Abe Lincoln or George Washington. George Bush always is a fun Texan to mimic, as well. If you want to be patriotic but not dress up as an individual person, how about posing as the Statue of Liberty for an evening? Check out your local costume stores for further options.

Sports Figures

If you are a football fan, basketball enthusiast, or baseball aficionado, how about dressing as one of the stars of your favorite teams? You can find an array of uniforms and props at costume stores or even in sporting goods shops. With uniforms, you can either wear makeup to disguise your facial features or purchase a mask. Carrying a ball, bat, and/or catcher's mitt can be a fun touch to your ensemble, as well. Boston Red Sox, Arizona Cardinals, or the Phoenix Suns will be proud to be represented by you at your company's masquerade ball.

Occupation Outfits

Maybe you ended up as an accountant but really always wanted to be a ballerina. At a masquerade ball, you can wear a tutu and tights for an evening to live out your dream. If you daydream about putting out fires but program computers for your day job, how about becoming a firefighter for an evening complete with hat and a hose? Do you love to hear your doorbell ring and to see the UPS man or FedEx delivery person standing there with a package? You can find these outfits and more at your local costume stores.

If you have no idea what to be for Halloween or an upcoming dress-up event, head over to your local costume stores. They will have multiple ensembles to spark your imagination so you can enjoy the party dressed up as a politician, an athlete, or FedEx man. Dressing up can become one of your new favorite pastimes.
Costume Stores-help You Transform, Create Memories, And Feel Like A Star

Whether you are a part of a high-profile television and film series or doing a production at your local theater, costume stores can help provide you with services that can make your event a success. They may offer services that are open to the public for events such as Mardi Gras celebrations, Halloween parties, extravagant parties, and more. Renting a costume from a costume store can be an inexpensive alternative to you purchasing a new costume or getting one custom designed that you may only wear once. Some of the benefits of renting a costume from some professional costume stores include:

• You have access to professionally designed pieces

• The items you rent are expertly maintained by wardrobe specialists

• Choice of wide range professional costumes

• Choice of a wide range of themed costumes such as Christmas, Halloween, Mardi Gras, and much more

• Opportunity to rent costumes from award winning movies such as Pirate of the Caribbean, the Last Samurai, The Patriot, and more

• Expert consultation available for independent films, motion pictures through specialist that will help you select the best look for each character

• Seamstresses from a fully functional tailoring shop will make you alterations quickly and accurately

• Accessories rentals available as well as 7-day rentals

Renting costumes from fully functional costume stores can be a great way to experience a total transformation of your outward appearance and feel like a star. You will have access to an extensive line of costume rentals where a professional staff will work with you to help you make the perfect costume choice. They will also help you choose a costume that will also fit into your budget. You can receive additional services that will help complete your look and your overall experience with professional makeup application, accessory rental, and hair design by appointment.

Imagine being the life of the party as you enter your event wearing a costume that was a part of an award winning movie production. A wardrobe specialist will be available to help you select a costume from their massive inventory and can provide you with custom tailoring to meet the needs of your cast. They may be able to provide services for both a large or small production with prices that are affordable. If you want to make a lasting impression, wow your friends, or create memories, let a professional, fully functional, costume store that will help meet your costuming rental needs.
Costume, Customized For Everyone…!

People have this nature of attending into parties. Even if it is pertaining to children parties, cocktail parties, proms, and the like, we don't want to let it pass. When talking about these occasions, character costumes is really a must have.  

 We are so fond of these character costumes, especially the young and even the young at heart. We easily get fascinated by these wonderful creations, which are popularly known as ‘mascots'. These so-called-mascots give entertainment and delight to a certain party. These mascots are always dressed up with catchy and artistic attires from head to toe, also called as mascot costumes that adds an appeal to the audience. These costumes play a big role in our party lives. 

 There are a wide variety of costumes, ranging from the popular cartoon characters up to your personalized costumes. When we say personalized, it is same as saying that it comes from your own idea or what you want to be the necessary details about your own mascot costume. When it comes to mascots, nothing beats the popularity of these famous cartoon characters. They are called character costumes. These are the topmost favorites; starting from the very popular, a Walt Disney character, Mickey Mouse, followed by the Looney Tunes canary bird, Tweety Bird, and the star of Bikini Bottom, Spongebob Squarepants, even the heroes in Justice League and so on and so forth. 

 We always want the best for our children. We will work hard just to give them fun parties with these mascots to satisfy their cravings for happy birthdays. In these cases, where we want mascots to entertain us, we can contact these cartoon mascot companies to ask for their offer about ready-made mascot costume

 With wide array of their fantastic mascot costume offer, you can even choose from your own cartoon favorite! And in case that you want something peculiar, you on your own can arrange your thoughts or points of view, to come up with something different, your own creation of mascot costume. Just inform the costume provider and they will do all the designing on your personalized mascot costumes. These will take a long time to be made, but after that, your long wait is over, and the waiting is worthy enough. 

 These mascot costume people know well our varying needs when it comes to costumes. They combine happiness with comfort and durability to give us the best in mascot costume industry. 

 They have the best offer in the said working line. They know what is right for us. They value more the satisfaction of their clients. 

 With these mascot costume providers, you can give now your children unforgettable children's party. You can experience yourself remarkable school prom, amazing parties with you and your friends. You can even conduct fabulous costume parties and be enthralled by the extraordinary experience it can offer. 

 Now, you can start to bring out the best in this costume arena. You start now to imagine what character to choose from. Maybe cartoon mascots is a favorite.  Packed by the experienced artisans in this field, we will still find ways, to give you the best. Regards.
Couples Costume Ideas: Gothic Costumes

You may not have a dark soul year around, but on all Hallows Eve you can treat yourself to a night of darkness. You may become the part so well you will creep out friends and party go'ers! Come join the unmerry as they make their way to the next Halloween costume party in a gothic costumes. Gothic costumes reflect this turbulent cosmos and speak their own special message about all those creepy things that used to live only in our nightmares. There are things to consider when making gothic costumes in order to make them effective. 

Here are a few tips to achieve the perfect gothic look. Whether you build or buy your costume, these are essential elements: 

• Think black, black, black
Color is a no-no. You must drench yourself in black. Check your closet for capes, gloves, shoes, sweaters, hats, socks shawls; anything that might work. Black make-up is a must as well, both for men and women. Buy some cheap eyeliner and the darkest, dreariest lipstick you can find. If you want a contrast color, it is possible if kept at a minimum. The only color we recommend is contrasting with a deep burgundy. 

• Pick a specific character
In order for gothic costumes to be most effective, the end result should look like something recognizable. Popular gothic costumes are characters from books and movies. It doesn't always have to be a well-known person per se, but maybe a specific profession or idea such as: a Gothic nurse, witch, French maid, priest, stripper (you get the picture). Imagine wildly and then search for clothing that will fit that image.

• Get and organize your gothic clothing and make-up
For women, a black dress will serve as an effective base for the costume and for men, any black suit or black pants and a black shirt will do as the foundation for gothic costumes. Many women already have a black dress. If you don't think you'll wear it again, take a razor blade to it and tear it up to give it a darker look--The same goes for men's suits.

• Paint your face and get dressed (not necessarily in that order)
Think big eyes and dark lips and you got it. If you want some extra color, add deep purple or very dark blue. You can go for black lips but be warned that other partygoers may try to resuscitate you (or let you die depending on the party). Slick down your hair with baby oil. 

• Going with a date?
Goth styles make for great couples costume ideas! All your date have to do is slip into black from head to toe and follow the dark side of your personalities to really give your costumes a boost!

If you would rather buy your costume online, consider some of these cool numbers: 
• Gothic Victorian Queen
• Vampire Bat Costume
• Ghouldilocks Gothic Halloween Costume (a gothic goldilock costume)
• Sexy Elvira Costume
• The Grave Reaper

Have fun, but not too much as you wouldn't want to smile in your gothic diggs!
Cowgirl Costume

You can always enjoy the Halloween party or costume party that you are attending or the party that you are hosting. But the fun part in a party like that of a Halloween or costume party is to see everyone bring up their best costume for the night. Parties such as these can be done for different kinds of age groups; from children up to teenage girls and boys and even adults. Now, if you are searching for the right costume for you then read through and find out of this Cowgirl Costume is for you.

Cowgirl Costume

The Cowgirl Costume is one of the sexiest and fun costumes that girls can wear during the Halloween party or costume party. Just the history of how Cowgirls live their lives is such a strong personality and if you are thinking of getting everyone's attention during the night then the Cowgirl Costume will definitely help you get to that spot.

First of all, you will need to know the basic things that will never be apart from the Cowgirl Costume.

1. The hat- The Cowgirl Costume will not be complete without the Cowgirl hat as it is one of the designation that you are a Cowgirl and during the early times in the wild, wild west cowgirls never leave their home without their cowgirl hat. Cowgirl hats can be in different kinds of color but to stick to the natural way of how cowgirls look, you might want to have a black, brown or white hat. But, for a children's Halloween or costume party don't be afraid to experiment and try different colors such as pink, blue or even green.

2. The boots - Another thing that will make you sure of the Cowgirl Costume is the boots. Just like the Cowgirl hat, the pair of boots is tagged along with the personality of a Cowgirl. Never will you see cowgirls on TV or movies with sandals on- it will always be the pair of boots that will make them different from others. For a more mature Halloween or Costume party, you might want to have a boots with high heels as this will add to the sexy look that you are trying to attain. Just like the Cowgirl hat, you can stick with the darker shades for boots but for children you can match your boots with your hat with a variety of color.

3. There are also more accessories that you can find in a Cowgirl, some of which are the toy pistol that you can use to pose on pictures, a vest that will also add to the entire look; you can also wear skirt or pants depending on your personal taste as long as it goes well with your top blouse and vest. You can also add a scarf that you can hang around your neck and a rope to tie in your skirt or pants to finish the look.

Besides the Cowgirl Costume, there's the Dinosaur costume that your kids will surely love. Enjoy!

Check out the latest articles on Cowgirl Costume and Dinosaur Costume today!

Check out the latest articles on  Cowgirl Costume and  Dinosaur Costume today!
Cowgirl Fashion - Learn To Dress Like A Cowgirl

Costume parties are fun. The dilemma is knowing what to wear. Dressing like a cowgirl is a terrific choice for any fancy dress party. Cowgirl clothes are designed to make a woman look wonderful, even though the general cowgirl look stresses on simplicity. . But how do you dress like a cowgirl? You don't want to come across as a pretender so it pays to learn how to dress like a authentic cowgirl. Here are several tips that will help. 
You can get the cowgirl look right now really by just going through all the clothes you have and picking out the right pieces of clothing. You can effortlessly look like a true cowgirl without spending scores of money so don't worry about that. It's all genuinely convenient since the cowgirl look is extremely identical to a casual urban city style. Maybe all you truly need is already in your wardrobe!
Start by looking for a nice and comfortable pair of jeans or denim skirt. The cowgirl look is all about denim, denim and denim. Wear nothing else but that at the bottom. Your pair of jeans ought to be old but not too old. It should also be well ironed and not have too a lot of distracting patterns. If you don't have a pair of jeans, get yourself to a second-hand garments store as soon as possible. There will commonly be vintage jeans that look and fit good. Don't buy a pair of jeans that looks truly, truly new. 
Cowgirl tops are pretty easy to deal with. Like denim jeans or skirts, there aren't too countless options available. Shirts work fine although you can go with a tube-top if you want a sexier look. White is my beloved color for a shirt and you'll see why if you try wearing it. It goes well with any other color and its so vintage. . Any button-up shirts will do as a top, you can even get your lover's shirt as well if you want to go for the just got out of bed look. 
Gold jewelry is something you do NOT want to wear with your cowgirl outfit. It just doesn't go as well as silver. Only wear vintage or old silver since that highlights the overall cowgirl style. Don't wear too lots of beads because you don't want to look like a flower girl. Old silver works best and you can wear a necklace, rings, earrings and a belt buckle. When it comes to selecting the right hairstyle, wear braids or a ponytail. These are the predictable cowgirl hairstyles and will make you look fantastic. Part your hair in the middle and then split it into braids on the left and right. Things you ought to never do to your hair: Don't tie it into a bun, that doesn't look nice. And don't wear a hair band, it doesn't go with the wild cowgirl look. 
Finally we ought to talk about the most important part of a cowgirl look: the cowgirl boots. You simply are not a cowgirl until you wear an remarkable pair of cowgirl boots. Even if you dress completely like a cowgirl but don't wear cowgirl boots, you'll just look like an ordinary urban girl. Cowgirl boots make all the difference. I suggest going with red cowgirl boots that are made of real leather since it stands out more. The usual brown or black boots work as well although they might be a little uninteresting. 
Apart from bright colors like red or blue, white cowgirl boots are also an marvelous staple of all cowgirls. White leather is especially elegant and it goes well with all types of colors, especially dark colored tops or bottoms. Some of my friends have told me that white is an innocent color and one that conveys purity and trust. Bright colors like red or white are perfect for daytime dates or outings into the country because they do very well under natural sunlight. . 
Want to look like a hot cowgirl? You just need to wear less clothes. A short mini skirt and a tight fitting best like a halter works greatest in this scenario. Dressing like a cowgirl ain't tough. Achieving the cowgirl look just involves using what you already have in your wardrobe most of the time. One key point to remember: You must have cowgirl boots. They are the most meaningful item in your cowgirl costume.
Cravats—old-fashioned Elegance

A cravat is a neck adornment or a neck band which preceded the modern neck and bow tie, originally from Croatia during the 17th century. It is said that cravats were worn initially to hide stained and not so clean shirts. But history also states that cravats were of military origin, and used to be just a long towel put about the neck or a collar of a shirt. 

As centuries passed, the styles of cravats evolved from being worn in a loose knot, to the Steinkirk style of cravats, to a Maccaronis flowing style in late 1700's to early 1800's. During this time, a style worn and the way a man knots his cravat reflects his sophistication and taste, so men went out of their way to create elaborate knots with elegant materials such as lacy cloths and cottons. 

There are several kinds of cravats, and among them are ascots—a cravat with square ends typically secured with an ornamental pin, and the stock or neck cloth—an ornamental white cravat. They come in different colors, styles, patters and prints. Several styles include plains, dotted, plaid, checks and stripes. 

Although use of cravats had diminished over time, they are still considered stylish and popular among sophisticated men, and have become an elegant alternative to neck ties. Cravats are normally worn in formal occasions such as weddings and dinner parties where people can be extravagant. One reason of its steady popularity is its versatility and its ability to make the user stand out in a crowd.

If you plan to wear one, make sure that you pick a right occasion for it. For formal events like weddings, balls and costume parties are probably a best time to wear a cravat. This should be worn with a shirt with a stiff collar and a suit. You should also match it to your accessories, if any. There are several ways to tie a cravat. If you want it to be less formal, then an ordinary scrunch or the ruche tie can be done. For really formal occasions, it can be elaborately tied and complimented with a pin. Again, it depends on the occasion for which you are wearing a suit and cravat.

There are numerous styles and brands of cravats in the market, and you can even choose from catalogs online. This is better than having to go around your shops looking for the perfect one for you. Online shopping is much more convenient, and you have a wider array of options to choose from. Any cravat of any style and brand is deemed as an emblem of perfection and brings out the individuality of the gentleman wearing it. 

As with any article of clothing, the best way to wear any kind of cravats is with comfort and confidence, so that you will exude class and sophistication no matter what style of cravat you wear.
Creating A Cruella De Vil Costume

When planning what to wear to a fancy dress or Halloween party, you want to make sure that you make as big an impact as possible for as low a cost. Fancy dress is fun but if you are not careful, prices to look good can spin out of control. One way to keep costs to a minimum is to make sure your costume or character is instantly recognisable. Iconic characters, or the clothes they wear, are shorthand in the other party goer's minds. However, what you don't want to fall into is looking generic or samey – like every other person going as a gangster or as Marilyn. One great character for a woman to go as, that always makes an impact, is Cruella De Vil and best of all Cruella De Vil Costumes are reasonably cost effective to produce or buy. 

To make your own Cruella Costume, you need a slinky black dress, silky black gloves and a cigarette holder. For the hair, either splash out and buy one of the inexpensive wigs modelled on the 101 Dalmatian character or get some white hair paint, which is available from most good costume shops, and pump that hair up until it looks the part. Cruella's hair is almost as manical and wild as her eyes.

To buy your own just as simple. Most good fancy dress suppliers have the Cruella De Vil Outfit. It is normally a velvet style black dress that comes in one size fitting. It is often faux fir lined with spotted fur – emphasising her love of the Dalmatian. Wigs and Gloves are separate. Wigs are fantastic and inexpensive. They tend to be big, bushy and black & white – all the essential ingredients to a Cruella style hair cut. Gloves will be made from a satin type material that – at least for one night – will give the appearance of elegance!

To set it all off you have to get into the Cruella attitude. Think five inch shoulder pads on each shoulder even when there are none. This is a woman who is use to getting her own way and getting everything first. Slightly unhinged and worryingly obsessed with Dalmatians she is the perfect character to play all night.
Creating A Dance Competition Checklist

Competition naturally brings with it nervous anticipation and butterflies. Not only do you think about your performance, but also if you have packed everything you need. By being prepared with a checklist ahead of time can stop your worrying about forgetting something and let your many hours of dance practice shine through. Being prepared will help you perform at your highest level. 
I have consulted moms, dancers, cheerleaders, and teachers and compiled a list of must haves for performance weekends. These seven categories will guide you to ensure you have everything you need for competition to make your experience the best you can.
Makeup: A dancer's makeup look is a crucial part of their appearance. Make certain you have the makeup to execute the look that has been determined by your studio owner/director/ or cheer coach. Remember you'll need your makeup to be water-resistant, highly pigmented, and long lasting. 
Choose the products you pack to use on your skin with care. You are going to be wearing your look for a long time you don't want your skin to end up irritated or broken out at the end of the weekend. Look for hypo-allergenic/non-comedogenic, talc and paraben-free products that are as naturally derived as possible. 
You will want to make sure you pack all of your application tools, such as foundation brushes and sponges, as well as your makeup brushes for lip, eye, blush, and brow. If you are using JAM cosmetics, bring a small water dropper bottle with you, it can be used to turn your black eye shadow into a water-resistant, smudge-resistant eyeliner. 

Beauty Aids: Knowing that you have a razor and shaving cream packed will spare you the panic when you realize you have forgotten to shave! Be ready for a broken or torn nail with a nail clippers and file, nail polish remover, and clear nail polish. Keep in mind you'll be cleaning and caring for the skin that will be in performance makeup for long days. Makeup remover wipes, tissues, cotton pads, moisturizers, and skincare products are a must. 

Hair Products: A supply of hair gel, hairspray, hairnets, and bobby pins will ensure that a hair is never out of place. If your look requires hair pieces, hair jewelry, or hair glitter make certain you have it packed them in your bag as well. Finally a spray bottle of water, brush, hair dryer, and curling iron will help you complete your look. Knowing your hair is firmly locked in place will eliminate one more distraction between you and your performance.

Costume Stuff: Double check that you have all of your costumes, including the head/arm/leg/and body pieces. In addition you'll need all the necessary jewelry or props you are responsible for. Save yourself from having to dig through bags or beg those around you when an emergency hits pack a mini sewing kit and thread that matches all of your costumes. Your sewing kit should include needles, safety pins, and scissors. 

You can make certain that everything stays in place not only on your costume but also on you by packing hot glue or super glue, double sided tape, and body adhesive. Save yourself from the worries of tears, scuffs, or snaps by packing shoe polish to match your shoes, spare tights in the appropriate color, and a spare set of clear and tan bra straps. 

First Aid: The occasional bump, scratch, or ache won't take you out of your game if you come with the appropriate first aid supplies. Tylenol, Antacid, and Dramamine are good basics to have packed. Clear Band-aids, Neosporin, Icy Hot/Biofreeze and instant ice packs are a must. And also remember to pack an ace bandage, if you need this to perform cover it with foundation so it matches your skin and is as inconspicuous as possible. 

Food/Drink: Having snacks on hand will help you keep up your energy throughout the day and help you resist less healthy alternatives that make not agree with your stomach in the long run. Water and juice boxes will help keep you going. Pair them with food that is easy and portable such as veggies, granola bars, cheese sticks, raisins, trail mix, or goldfish. 

Miscellaneous/Comfort Stuff: The more relaxed and comfortable are the better you will perform. For that reason don't forget the “extra” stuff. A pillow, blanket, warm-ups and slippers or flip flops will help make your down time more comfortable. So will something to do, remember to pack pens, a notepad, an iPod, and magazines for quiet time you may have. You will likely be in a busy venue so packing extra tissues for the bathroom in case your location runs out may make your day much more comfortable. 

When packing for a competition the list of things to remember is long and varied, but having the items you need will make for a much more pleasant and positive experience. Make certain you have everything you need to perform to your highest level. In order to be prepared and successful at your next event please view my complete competition checklist
Creating The Best Medieval Costume Patterns

The styles and trends of the 11th - 13th centuries makes great medieval costume patterns for people today. Dressing in a costume designed from medieval costume patterns is one of the most popular and sought after costumes of the 21st century. The Medieval time in Europe was a period marked with queens, kings, and other royal people.
It is also a time when art was affecting society in everything from architecture to dress. Therefore, the way people dressed during this time period was very unique, stylish and trendy. That is why many people like dressing up in medieval costume patterns for Halloween or other events.
Create Medieval Costume Patterns for Women
The women of the Medieval era were very sophisticated. The Medieval costume pattern for women should include some form of head dress. Women during this time period did not let much of their hair show. No matter if it is a head shaw or a crown, a medieval woman always wore something on her head.
Sometimes the head piece was very elaborate if the woman was someone of dignity. Other times it was as simple as a headband. In addition to their headpiece, the woman always wore a long dress with long sleeves. Medieval women were not very revealing in their dress. They were very conservative. Therefore, when creating a medieval costume pattern for women, one should remember to always be as conservative as possible.
Create Medieval Costume Patterns for Men
Men during the Medieval period where very preoccupied with their status within the society. Status was such an important part of life that most men could be labeled pertaining to what they were wearing. Depending on the man's status within the community, the men dressed differently. Like women, men always wore something form of hat or headpiece on their head.
In addition, men wore robes or pants. If the man was person of dignity, then their clothes were made from the finest materials and they usually wore a lot of gold. Men were not also not very revealing in their dress. They were equally conservative. Therefore, when creating medieval costume patterns for men, one should first choose which man of the community they want to portray, then create the costume accordingly.
Creating medieval costume patterns for men and women are very fun and they make great costumes for any type of costume party or renaissance events. One should do research before creating the medieval costume pattern because there was such a large variety of dress during this time period. No matter which medieval costume pattern you choose, you will end up with great costume that will be a lot of fun to wear.
Creative Book Report Ideas

Are you at a loss for creative book report ideas for your students? If yes, then this article will help you make reading and reviewing books more creative for your class.

In an age of PSPs, Xbox, anime and gaming arcades, reading has lost its foothold in the list of hobbies that children tend to cite. Most of the reading that kids do today, comes in the form of compulsory books that they need to read for school and maybe that is the reason they find reading to be an insurmountable and boring task. If you want to inculcate the love for languages and literary masterpieces in your students and want them to devour books everyone should read, then a good way of going about the same, would be to get them to start working on creative book report ideas. While working on creative ideas for book reports, your students will have to understand the book in a way that allows them to come up with new ways to present to the class, the essence of the book.

As a teacher, while egging your students to activate their creative gray cells, you will have to help them out with basic ideas that they can work on. Depending on the age bracket that your students belong to, the creative book report ideas will vary. This is so, not just because of the varying attention spans that children of various age groups posses but also because of the amount of work that kids can put into the report. While a middle school student will be comfortable handling a handy cam, a student from elementary school will be more fascinated if he is working with paints and puppets. So do you want to know how to write a book report creatively? In this article, we will list out for you, a couple of good creative book report ideas for elementary students and for middle school students. Learn more about creative writing.

Creative Book Report Ideas for Elementary School

Book Report Sandwich
A book report sandwich is a good creative idea for book reports. As a teacher you can get drawings of a sandwich on sheets of paper that are of the color of the ingredients of your sandwich, for example, a cream sheet of paper to resemble mayonnaise, red to represent tomato and likewise. Obviously, each ingredient should be cut in a way that when assembled together, it looks like a sandwich. Now, give each of your students one of these book sandwiches to create their book report. It can start with the name of the book and the author's name on the top slice of the sandwich. The second ingredient can have the summary of the book on it. Each subsequent ingredient can have a description of the main characters, the setting of the book, the plot, and then his or her views about the book. Once they are done with their book reports, they can staple the book sandwich together and then, you can create a class bulletin board with all the book report sandwiches on display.

Oral Retelling
One of the good techniques to retell a story, it is also one of the favorite creative book report ideas among students. The job that the student will have is to read the book and then pick a few objects at his/her home which will allow him to retell the story in a way that makes it interesting for his/her audience. Every time he/she picks out an object from the bag to report the book he has read, there has to be a valid connection between the book and the object, which the student can first ask the audience to guess and then go ahead and explain it. This idea is spin-off on the normal show and tells and allows for an interactive book report session.

Act it Out
This is one of the creative ideas for book reports in which, as the teacher, you will have to divide your class into groups and give them one book each. The students can then read the book and get together and write a play and act it out for the class. To give a deeper insight into the book, one of the students can play the role of the author and as a group, the students can try and recreate the thought process of the author. The student playing the role of the author can then interrupt the play at important junctures and talk about the reasons for these twists in the play and how he/she came up with these plot lines.

Creative Book Report Ideas for Middle School

Know your Author
As a young adult, your student's fascination may go beyond the immediate concerns of the book. He/she may want to understand the circumstances in which the book was written, the times then, the events happening in the world and get the author's perspective about the book. Encourage your students to think on those lines. Divide the class into pairs and give each pair one book to read. Let them then don the roles of the author and a journalist. You can have an interview session in front of the class, enabling them to dissect the book and get a peek into the author's world.

Lights, Camera, Action
In a technology-obsessed world, it maybe a very tiny minority of your class that does not get excited with the prospect of shooting a film. One of the best creative book report ideas for middle school, you will need to divide the class into groups and give them at least two months to adapt the book that they have been assigned, into a film. The movie should have a well-adapted screenplay, and all other prerequisites, like a lighting engineer, sound engineer, costume designer, etc. At the end of the given time, the film can be screened in front of the class and then discussed.

Behind the Scenes
If you are on the lookout for good individual creative book report ideas, then this one could be for you. Assign every student a book and then ask them to start maintaining a diary, from the author's point of view. Ask them to come up with imaginary incidents from the author's life and use historical events to explain why the author wrote the book in a certain manner. Alternately, you can also ask your students to give a surrogate ending to the story. 

These are just few of the options that you could use to inspire your students to come up with creative book report ideas. As kids we tend to be more imaginative and creative. Encourage your students to think out of the box and appreciate them for their efforts. This will help you have a class that is not only lively and inquisitive by nature but also a class that will cultivate a love for words.
Creative Halloween Costume Ideas

The Queen of Halloween is a huge fan of creative Halloween costume ideas for a number of reasons. For every costume that is going to be the same as everyone else's there, there should be at least one idea roaming around in your mind that can set the whole room on fire. The Queen has several rules when it comes to Halloween and Halloween costumes: each one should be different from anyone else's. If there is a chance, even a small, remote chance that someone else is going to where that costume, then it is not the best choice, is it? Second: the Queen says if you are too embarrassed by the thoughts your own brain churns out, then stick to the pre-made, purchased gear and whisper those thoughts to one of your braver friends. And finally, this is the most important rule according to the Queen of Halloween: it ain't Halloween until a small child cries.

The Queen started thinking about some creative Halloween costume ideas a few months ago- well, to be honest, the thought is never far from her mind. Here are some of the ideas that crept into her fevered mind:

The Cabana Boy From Hell

The Queen was catnapping in the summer sun one fine day when a chance cloud drifted through the sky bringing an ominous feeling to the moment. Then it struck the Queen that you could bring the two together: tah dah, the Cabana Boy from Hell. Take the basic cabana boy look- bare chest, board shorts, flip flops or sandals and sun kissed hair. Now, to take it to the next level, coat the skin, whatever skin that is exposed with white pancake makeup so that you look nice and dead. Add a few special touches such as worms crawling out of the ears or spider web in the hair. Wow, maybe they really do serve ice water in hell after all! Is that a creative Halloween costume or what!

The Really Bad Auto Mechanic

For this creative Halloween costume idea, you need a few broken tools, some fake blood, a few creative make up touches and a mechanic's overall. Take the broken tools and fix them so that they look like you are impaled by them but do be careful that there are no sharp edges that could cut or poke you. If you have any small and light ones that can be made to look like they have gone through your face, that is all the better. Make up your face to look scary and unwell and then add a little splash of fake blood here and there.

Bo Peep Has a Problem

Oh my! Apparently Miss Peep has a problem with her flock- they are now sheep with a serious attitude problem! Take the basic of the Bo Peep costume, sweet, innocent, almost sickening. When you get to the back though, it is at its most creative best- chop off part of the hem and attach the back end of a fluffy sheep (use a toy sheep or just a pair of legs and lots of cotton). The goal is to give the impression that Miss Peep is getting a nibble from one of her flock!
Creative Uses For Costume Jewelry And Fashion Jewelry

We all love dressing up and we all love to experiment with our looks every now and then. When we go through these experimentation phases, we end up with a lot of jewelry that we do not use afterwards and many people often throw these away. But this jewelry can be salvaged and turned in to something that you would happily wear.

Fashion jewelry is easy to recycle but it is harder to find good uses for costume jewelry. But with a little planning and some simple techniques, you can find good uses for these discarded and lost treasures that were once bought with a lot of care.

There are many craft sites online where you will find good uses for costume jewelry that you no longer use. With a little glue here and a little string there, you can use them to dress up your children when it is time to send them out in Halloween costumes. These are called costumer jewelries for a good reason! Also, they make great decoration pieces or gifts that you might be sending out on holidays. Use them as little trinkets along with your gift decoration and the person receiving the gift will absolutely love the little added touches. It shows that you have taken time and planned the gift decoration with love and care.

Some people like to decorate their Christmas trees with such unique jewelry pieces. Get a little creative and add your own personal touches to the baubles and streamers. Decorate the angel and may be even jazz up Santa's costume; there are so many different possibilities.

When it comes to fashion accessories, you can team up discarded pieces with other regular pieces that you wear and turn it in to a fashion statement. Choose something like a gemstone beads necklace and hang a small pendant from it for a whole new look. You can also use pieces from finger rings and old earrings and turn them in to unique pendants (this especially works when you can not find the other piece to the earring pair). Just make sure you use pieces that compliment each other. 

You can use the top from a broken fashion ring and use it as a part of a charm bracelet. Charm bracelets offer a lot of space for customization. You can use beads from old gemstone jewelry, ring tops, pendants, fancy earrings and other things that you have not been using for a long time or have been laying neglected all this while. With a bit of creativity and some planning, you can have a lot of fun making things like this one a rainy day when you have nothing else to do.

Many people love working with their hands and if you are one of those people, you are guaranteed to have lots of fun with this. For those who have not tried anything like this before, go ahead and give it a shot. People discover that they have the talent when they thought that they did not, so you never know what you might find out about yourself.
Cute 70s Costumes For Kids This Halloween

When it comes to children's fancy dress parties it can be difficult to think of something to do. One possibility to consider would be to have a theme that you can work it around. Taking it a step further, you could even get some of the children to help you research your particular idea.

There are all manner of things that a party can be based upon. You could set it around a particular film that is popular amongst children. That in itself would give you a huge variety of possibilities to choose from. It could be based around Harry Potter for instance. The kids that are invited would thoroughly enjoy dressing up as wizards from Hogwarts. Perhaps you could organize a Star Wars party with your guests dressed in the costumes of their favorite characters from the films. Or perhaps you could try something altogether different.

How about a retro party? Getting the kids all dressed up in 70s costumes would certainly be good fun and you can guarantee that none of them will have been to a party like it before.

Now you have opened up several of possibilities... When you choose 70s costumes you are going to have to look at quite a variety of different outfits. The decade in question was home to many different styles and was very diverse. Don't be put off though, this just means that you will have far more choice. You could select all sorts of different images for each of your guests and end up with a room full of children wearing many different 70s costumes. The other possibility that is open to you is to narrow down your theme even more.

You could have a fancy dress party where the children are all dressed in the same style. How about getting all the kids to wear hippie outfits? It would certainly be good fun and would make for some really good photographs. 70s costumes can mean all manner of things, you see. What about a retro disco with the kids in outfits like The Bee Gees, Elvis or John Travolta wore? You are probably starting to see just how much fun this could actually be.

It doesn't just have to be limited to 70s costumes at your fancy dress party either. How about some retro activities for your guests? Have a think back (if you are old enough) to some of the toys and games that you had as a child. You won't have much difficulty finding things like space hoppers in toy shops and they are surprisingly cheap. Maybe you even have some old games that you can dig out of the attic.

A great way of finding inspiration is to have a look at just what is available online. There are plenty of fancy dress companies on the internet that have a huge selection of 70s costumes to choose from. Do remember to ask the opinion of some of your young guests though as not all children are comfortable dressing up as hippies...

70s fancy dress costumes for memorable parties.
Cute Western Outfit Ideas

No one will deny the idea that choosing the cute baby outfits will be an interesting task to be done, especially for mother who had just got her newborn baby. There are several things that mother should know about the way to choose the real great outfits for their lovely children.

Toddlers dressed as little animals have always been popular. I mean it literally has to be the cutest type of costume. With their head and feet covered who wouldn't adore it? One of my favorites is the skunk. The toddler is covered head to toe in a black costume wi

Chances are they will receive loads of these. However, these gifts tend to come in either newborn or 3 month sizes, which will probably won't serve its purpose after a couple of weeks. What will make this a great gift is if you buy them in larger sizes. After a couple of months, mum still has brand new gifts for the baby to enjoy.

So what are some of the design ideas for dog costumes or any other pet costumes that would be perfect for Halloween? To get an idea, it is always good to do a little research and one best way to do this is by going online.

Halloween costumes are fun to create. Many items to use with your Halloween costume can be found in your own home or at your area thrift store. Creating costumes can be inexpensive and lots of fun to make and to wear. You'll find some of these will even work as last minute Halloween costume ideas.

Any new baby goes through several ones a day, so they are something a new parent is always happy to receive as a gift. They come in a variety of colors with adorable slogans, especially to celebrate the arrival of two new bundles of joy. 

The most popular selling toddler costume for Halloween 2010 is the Super Mario Bros Mario outfit. The third most popular costume for a baby is the toddler Luigi from the Super Mario Bros. Imagine two characters from the same video game being in the top five of all outfits. These two characters are also a very popular kids birthday party theme.

All Hallows Eve has always been about family, friends and community spirit. So, whether you are out trick or treating with the kids or having a Halloween themed party the reasons the reasons behind why we do these things are steeped in age old myths and traditions that go way back.

Girls may certainly know the Toy Story Little Bo Peep character, and in fact there is an official licensed Disney costume that will allow her to embody this cute character. If your daughter likes this idea, then her brother, Dad and Mom may choose to become another character from this movie. 

Two amusing Gothic girl costumes are the Cheerless Leader and the Gothic Bride. These costumes make a little fun at the All American Cheerleader and the Blushing Bride, but they are cute in every way possible. And it will be lots of fun to put on pale face makeup and then add some dark eyeliner to goth it up.

One of moms and children's favourite outfit is the elephant costume. Available in many colours ranging from light grey to dark grey and even pink, these costumes are extremely comfortable and give children enough freedom of movement so that they can run freely all day long.

Starting with the infants, truly adorable costumes abound- from little pumpkin sleepers to the fuzzy, warm animal looks. Make sure that all costume choices for babies are safe and that they are not being overheated for the sake of "cute". Sleeping lions in a stroller are adorable. Screaming and crying ladybugs are not so much.

In addition to that, your little girl will be extremely happy with such an outfit. Girls look up to their dolls and consider them models for the way they should be dressed. They want to be pretty and stylish just like their dolls, so purchasing them a Barbie costume will be one of the best Halloween surprises you can give her.
Dance Costumes And Showgirl Costumes - Steal The Show!

Do you want to look like Nicole Kidman's Satine in the movie Moulin Rouge or Kristi Yamaguchi in Dancing With the Stars? It isn't as hard as it looks! Just let your imagination run wild with these sexy dance costumes and showgirl costumes!

DANCE COSTUMES
The beauty of the art of dancing is enhanced significantly by the use of the appropriate dance costumes. There are different styles of dance costumes, just as there are different forms of dancing. A specific dance costume has to be able to allow the dancer to move freely and comfortably while remaining visually appealing for the audience to watch. Some common dance costumes include beaded gowns that have full skirts for ballroom dancing; embellished sexy tops and intricate headdresses for showgirls; fringed midriff top and long skirts for belly dancing; figure-hugging tops and ruffled asymmetrical skirts for Latin dances; and a tutu or leotards for ballet and theater, to name a few. Among these, one of the most elaborate and most popular dance costumes is the showgirl costume.

THE SHOWGIRL COSTUME
Costumes for showgirls tend to be full of flair, color and frou-frou. These showgirl costumes are sexy and quite revealing. They can come in one- or two-piece suits that show a lot of skin. If you're daring enough, you can even wear a bejeweled G-string. Choose fancy showgirl costumes that sparkle and glitter. Eye-catching and loud colors are best used, such as sapphire blue, flamingo pink, emerald green, gold, bright red, royal purple and canary yellow, to name a few. Make sure the costume has a lot of bling, such as sequins, rhinestones, pearls and beads. Fur and feathers add even more pizzazz to the showgirl costume. Costumes for showgirls tend to look heavy because they are bulky. However, if you look hard enough, you can find dance and showgirl costumes that are actually lightweight. This is necessary to make sure that you remain comfortable while you are wearing the showgirl costume.

For the shoes, be sure to get high-heeled dance shoes that look sexy but remain comfortable on your feet. Some showgirls wear frilly and alluring go-go boots to finish up the look. Make sure you wear matching stockings to highlight your legs and complement your outfit.

THE SHOWGIRLS HEADRESS
No showgirl costume is complete without a fabulous powder-puff headdress. These lavish headdresses can go as high as 3 feet or more. It is crucial to practice walking with these huge headdresses on you while wearing your sexy high heels so that you can keep your balance. In fact, real showgirls do this while prancing down staircases that are 20 feet high while beams of light are shone in their direction. Others, instead of wearing such big headdresses, choose to wear wigs in shocking colors and top hats.

OTHER ACCESSOREIS FOR YOUR DANCE COSTUME
To make your dance costume more attractive, you can add additional accessories. Jewelries, such as golden bangles, arm bands and necklaces, are used to enhance the outfit. Some dancers also use black top hats, matching boas, wigs in a variety of bright colors, and the like, depending on the dance. For the make-up, make sure that you wear bold, glittery and dark make-up that can emphasize your features to go with your fancy and glitzy outfit.

You will surely steal the show in these extraordinary dance costumes and showgirl costumes!
