Do Sidekicks in Marvel Comics Exist?

While sidekicks in marvel comics aren't a common theme, there have been some over the years, though they are few and far between. Unlike dc comics and other comic companies, marvel has largely frowned on child sidekicks, but early on that wasn't the case.

One of the most famous sidekicks in marvel comics was Bucky, the partner of Captain America during World War II. When Bucky was supposedly killed, Captain America vowed never to bring a youth into that situation again. Bucky would of course come back to life as many dead comic characters do, thus ruining an old staple (the only characters in comics that stay dead are Bucky, Uncle Ben and Barry Allen, two of which have been revived so far). Bucky came back in the guise of the Winter Soldier, but he was no longer one of the sidekicks in marvel comics, but rather his own character and the bearer of the Captain America mantle after Cap's recent death.

Rick Jones has to be the most prolific of the sidekicks in marvel comics having been a sidekick for several heroes, and a superhero in his own right at times. His very first appearance saw him play sidekick to the Incredible Hulk in the Hulk's first issue, thus cementing Jones as one of the most famous sidekicks in marvel comics. He then became somewhat of a sidekick to Captain America, though Cap, newly revived after being frozen in ice, resisted as his stance on sidekicks in marvel comics remained unchanged. Jones even took up the "Bucky" mantle for a while. Jones then became attached to Captain Marvel, and was connected to him on another level after putting on the Nega-Bands. He would return to the Hulk's side for a time, and later on he wrote a book on being one of the sidekicks in marvel comics.

More recently there has been a new group of sidekicks in marvel comics, even though they aren't technically sidekicks. The Young Avengers, written by TV writer Allan Heinburg, are a group of fledgling superheroes who first donned similar costumes to the famous Avengers. There was Patriot, Hulkling, Iron Lad and Wiccan, each mimicking various Avengers. Once Captain America learned of their existence he tried to stop them as his stance on sidekicks in marvel comics still remained unchanged. But the team would continue on and adding new members including a girl taking on the name of an Avenger, Hawkeye. They have fought alongside the Avengers, and played a role in Civil War and Secret Invasion. These kids may not be proper sidekicks in marvel comics, but they are still considered sidekicks nevertheless.

Though the landscape of the universe will probably never completely welcome sidekicks in marvel comics, there will always be exceptions and instances where they will exist and sometimes thrive.
Dance The Mexican Way

Action speaks louder than words. For some who can't brandish themselves verbally, they would rather use gestures to let others to know what they feel and convey. Dance is a part of Mexican life. It has influenced the people nowadays reaching no age limits but more also that it has been a product of their fancy cultural heritage. It is passed from one generation to the other making people, young and old, to take a part of it as their passion. When a man dances, every step shows what he feels. It makes himself free by investigating his own world. It is also a positive expression of one's emotion. Generally, through dance is also one that makes the Mexican nation. 

Dancing, to the Mexican people, is a link to their background and art. There are music and dances that represents Mexican background. Aside from mariachi music with musicians dressed like a charro costumes playing instruments in your usual hotels and resorts, tourist also visit to Mexico to explore much of their customs through their forms of dances. You could actually see it everywhere! Mexican streets attract every person through dancing performed by some talented Mexican dancers. Ballet has been influential all over the Latin countries but Mexico has still preserved some of its native dances that impressed most travelers across the globe. Like the Ballet Folclorico de Mexico which can only be located at Palacio de Bellas Artes. The stadium shows animated and stupendous performance of Mexican music and dance from all over the country.
 
The spanish presence in Mexico had influenced on Mexican native dance. Dances and costumes appear similar with that of Flamenco, the traditional Spanish dance. These dances usually are performed by small groups of men and women. The woman always dance slowly and modestly while men dance faster, doing a greater variety of steps but always holding themselves stiff. Mexican taste of Flamenco is the Huapangos, a name derived from the Aztec ‘On top of wood'. This danced on a platform. At one time, the huapangos were danced only by the higher classes. The Tlacolorerosis an interesting and unique agricultural dance. This is performed in the state of Guerrero. The name is derived from the Aztec Tlacolol, which means ‘to prepare the land for cultivation.' The dance represents the burning of the bushes and the cleaning of the corn-patch. 

Another form of Mexican dance is the various Folklorico dances. Like mariachi music, these kind dances are and can only be located in Mexico. That's why tourist have to visit the paradise instead if they really want to experience one. Folklorico dances represent the different geographical regions in Mexico from which they originate. 
Who would dismiss the Mexican Hat dance. This would be the best way to represent Mexican background through dance. This courting dance became so popular that at one point it was declared ‘National Folk dance' of Mexico. It can be performed either by a couple or a group of couples. They flirt throughout the beginning of the dance. The man attempts to woo the woman with his zapateado (stamping and tapping) and his machismo. Finally, the man achieves in conquering the china, throwing his hat to the ground and kicking his leg over his partner's head as she bends down to pick it up. The two do a triumphant march to a military tune called a Diana, and the dance ends with a romantic turn or the couple hiding their faces behind the man's sombrero in a feigned kiss. 

There's a lot more about Mexico. I was even bewildered for I thought I already know a lot of things about this country. From beautiful tourist destinations to various cultural spots to learning about their fancy background and customs, Mexico has many things to offer!
 
Darth Vader Costume

It's the time of the year again when everyone starts their search for their own costume during the annual Halloween party. This event during the year is one of the most sought after occasion as it can be considered as the most exciting and fun event of the season and of course this event can also become a way for you to express your true self and become the center of everyone's attention. But the fun begins not at the party itself, it starts with the step-by-step planning process on what to wear during the event. Well, do you have your costume done already?

There are several things that you need to consider when looking for a costume; first would be the gender of the person who will wear the costume then the age group, is it a children's party, a teenage party or an adult party and lastly, what's your personal taste when it comes to looking for a costume, do you want the conservative type, the mysterious type, the sexy type or the funny type of costume. When you get all these basic questions answered then you are ready for some costume hunting of your own. Here are some tips for you to consider if you are boy:

The Darth Vader Costume

The Darth Vader Costume can be one of the best costumes that your child or you can wear if you are the mysterious type of person as you all know that Darth Vader's face is hidden behind a mask. The Darth Vader Costume can also be a great idea for those who want something new and eye-catching during the party besides when you are having a Halloween party, a character from the dark side will always be the best idea.

The Darth Vader Costume can be worn by children, teens, adults and even pets because of its simple get-up. You can find through the Internet a ready package of the Darth Vader Costume, from the shoes to the helmet and the entire suit. You can also have the breathing device that you hear from Darth Vader to make the entire costume realistic and in a sense during the Halloween party, creepy.

The Banana Costume

If you are the funny type of person then you might want to try something unusual especially during a Halloween Party where everyone thinks it is a good idea to wear something that is horrific. But, try out the banana costume and you'll surely have fun as well as those people who will be in the party. The Internet is full of shops wherein you can purchase a readymade banana costume. This is cool for all age groups; actually the younger or the older who wear the banana costume makes it funnier. Imagine a little baby with this costume and then imagine your grandpa wearing it, isn't it fun to be the center of the attention during the entire party?

So what are you waiting for, purchase your own costume now and have fun!

Check out the latest articles on Darth Vader Costume and Banana Costume today!

Check out the latest articles on  Darth Vader Costume and  Banana Costume today!
DC Universe Online Guide

Are you tired of feeling helpless in relation to DC Universe Online? Are you sick of wasting hours on leveling up, or getting owned in PVP time and again? Here is something that can assist you to make a difference in the best way you play DC Universe Online. I'm talking about Razer DC Universe Guide - a complete in-depth DC Universe On-line strategy guide that is outfitted with every part that it takes to ace DC Universe On-line(DCUO).

Since I bought Razer guide last week, I believed I'd put down a fast review. I have spent fairly some time studying by way of it and putting the directions into practice. I'm stunned I would say. It labored out for me. Not solely I'm saving myself a of time, but in addition I've realized a lot extra in regards to the game! To study more about Razer Guide try:

Razer guide is an all-in-one leveling package deal deal that incorporates all of the guides starting from leveling to PVP. It has step-by-step instructions with photos, display screen pictures, map locations that guide you to stage throughout 1 to 30 for each and every mentor from each the factions Heroes and Villains. It accommodates a number of different guides as effectively, here's a checklist:

 1. DC Universe On-line(DCUO) Fundamentals and Char creation guide
 2. Sport mechanics and game play information
 3. Person Interface and Map guide
 4. Energy set and expertise information
 5. Weapons information
 6. PVP guide
 7. Motion skills information
 8. Leveling and Quest guide (1-30, for each mentor from each Heroes and Villains clan)
 9. Stats Skills Energy Builds information

… and there may be tons more. The Razer Information crew has been consistently working in the direction of adding increasingly content. As you get into members space, you will discover out what the updates and news are, about what new content material is being added. They also have a 60 days a refund guarantee. Initially I used to be a bit skeptical about whether or not I can buy Razer Information or not, however given this offer I thought what's there to unfastened? I feel that I've benefited loads from this guide. I acquired to level 30 very quickly, I feel lower than two days. I additionally read by means of different aspects of the game and now I feel that I can provide you with my very own builds, expertise and strategies. I'd highly advocate that you consider getting Razer Guide.

The shared worldspace offers primarily solo and staff player versus environment (PvE) gaming opportunities within the type of open air missions and instances, though participant versus player (PvP) fight is also doable on this worldspace. Other PvP (and to a smaller extent, PvE) gaming is accessible in numerous varieties of queued instanced encounters: “Legends”, small scale PvP combats during which players tackle the identities of iconic characters (continued success in Legends combat unlocks additional iconic characters); “Enviornment”, small scale PvP combat through which players battle as their very own characters; “Alerts”, cooperative crew missions; and “Raids”, giant scale PvP combat between groups of opposing factions. Success in PvE missions is rewarded with in-recreation money, costume pieces, tools and consumables, whereas PVP fight is rewarded with unlocks of particular equipment sets.
DC Universe Online Lessons

There are not any lessons in DC Universe Online, as a substitute gamers spend abilities on individual powers. Anyone can switch between three fight stances: offensive, defensive and support. Offense stance offers extra injury but takes more, while defense gives much less and takes less and support boosts healing and buffing powers.
Decorating Your Spiral Staircase for the Holidays

With the holiday's right around the corner, you may be pulling out decorations and be beginning to decorate your home. Don't forget about that beautiful staircase you have. This can add a personal touch to your home for the holidays.

Valentine's Day approaching? Decorate your stairs with reds, pinks, and whites. Do you have any children that can help make hearts? Have them help you cut them out. Have them laminated so that they will last a little longer. Having them laminated can make them last for years to come. As you children get older, these can be a keepsake and have more meaning to them. Add red, pink, or white garland down your staircase to give it a more enhanced appearance.

Decorating your staircase through the holidays can make them stand out when you have guests over. They will look amazing as they are made of the highest quality of wood so they will look amazing for years. 

When St. Patrick's Day is approaching, light up your staircase with a strand of green lights and some shamrocks.

When it's Easter time, you will have mastered decorating your staircase. Adding Easter eggs that are hand blown and painted can be a fun touch especially if you have kids. Put some Easter bunnies in between eggs or you can use baby chicks. Show off your stairs with decor for all holidays.

When the summer months hit, such as Fourth of July, show off your spirit with red, white, and blue decorations. You can use lights, garland, or anything else you can come up with. Stock up on lights when they have Christmas sales and when all the sales are in fool force. You can also add garland that is metallic looking that will give some flash to your stairs. Hang a few mini American flags throughout the staircase and your spirit will shine through. 

A fun holiday for the kids to help decorate for is Halloween. This can be a really fun time as far as decorating your staircase. There are so many ideas to do such as hanging mini pumpkins, placing one or two on your stairs, hanging scary little ghosts or ghouls as well as hanging them through your home. There are many different ways to decorate for Halloween. The holidays are a great time to hit up craft stores.

With Christmas here now, this time of year can be even more exciting. By now you should really be a pro at decorating your staircase. Add some fresh garland or you can use artificial garland. Once you have the garland in place where you want it, add lights of all different colors or single colors to add your own personal touch. Hanging a few ornaments a few inches apart is also another great idea to add some pizzazz to your staircase. It's best to use shatterproof ornaments to avoid them from breaking if they accidentally fall. 

Your staircase is easy to put together as well as decorating it for the holidays. You can have one indoors or outdoors. If you have one outdoors, you can decorate it as well and all the neighbors will be jealous. Both types are solid in structure and are weather protected so you can enjoy your stairs for years to come.
Dee Snider Costume

For forethought, a complete set of this costume is available online. But since you already bothered to check this out, don't hesitate to read on further to learn how to create your own Dee Snider costume. It is a bit complicated compared to other 80's inspired costumes, but you should know that it would be worth your time.

 Dee Snider is the front man of the rock band Twisted Sister. Back in the 80's the band was a big hit and so was his unique costume. One company even made official Dee Snider costumes for Halloween.

 But if you want to make your own, here are the tips:

 Hair – Dee's hair was bigger than a typical 80's woman. It was very curly and blond. Make sure to check out photos of him and follow the hair because it was one of his many signature looks. Unless you have long hair that you would just perm, you have to get a wig styled the same as Dee's.

 Outfit – First, get a black shirt. Cut the sleeves of the shirt to horizontal strips so that it would hang loose as fringes over your arm. Cut, the bottom of the shirt so that your abdomen is exposed and get black suspender with the ‘X' facing upfront. After that, get football pads to sew on the shoulders of your shirt. To design your Dee Snider top, cut strips of a hot pink cloth and sew it on the football pads. Second, get tight fitting black pants. Sew more hot pink cloth strips on it.

 Make-up – His make-up was very popular because it was as unique as his outfit so make sure that you do it right. Wear thick electric blue eye-shadow, black eyeliners, and bright pink lipstick. Draw thick brows, and a pink trapezoid-shaped blush-on for the cheeks.

 Accessories – You will need black fingerless gloves with hot pink cloth strips sewn on it. Also, wear bright pink nail polish. 

 And there, with all the hard work you have just made yourself a Dee Snider costume. It's not so hard, is it? Now the next thing you have to do is to put on a rocker attitude and enjoy the rest of the night.
Delightful Cartoon Mascot Costumes For Your Theme Parties And Events

Considering to have a costume party just for fun? Well, if that's the case, one sure way to make the event more entertaining and enjoyable is applying a costume theme for the celebration. If you have kids joining you together with your close friends and relatives, opening your creative minds to wearing character costumes will fit very nicely for everybody. The kids will definitely enjoy portraying their favorite cartoon character favorites or movie idols while wearing those imaginative costumes they have in mind.

Actually, you can choose from a variety of theme selections like anime figures, movie characters, Hollywood stars,  cartoon characters and the likes. A theme for the party will ensure that everyone will cope to make the celebration more lively and colorful. With the different custom mascot costumes that each person will be wearing accordingly to their desires,  the occasion will certainly be very delightful and exciting to all. Every guest you will be having will have the chance to express their creativity with their mascot costumes. Thinking about the adults? Well, they won't be feeling out of place because they will surely have a blast especially knowing that they are also able to choose what costume they want to wear. Everyone in the party will surely have a good time playing and seeing each other in their favorite costumes.

However, getting costumes for everyone will be a very difficult task to accomplish. But you don't have to worry thinking about where to get them. There are various character costumes to buy online! Also, costume stores are everywhere offering you a variety of costume figures and accessories that you can rent at affordable prices.  To be able to make sure that you wouldn't be going over your budget for the party, you can ask for free estimates and discounts prior to the availing process you will be doing. Also, you can ask if they have some freebies for the kids so that you won't be worrying too much on what to give to them afterwards.

A little inquiry on what you will be getting will help you a lot. Starting from the costume accessories you need up to those cartoon mascot costumes you yearn to wear, you will certainly find a place that have them all prepared for you. You don't have to stress and worry yourself because costume stores are everywhere within your reach. Just do some search and checking so that you'd be able to fine one that can assist you the costume themed party you are about to have.

In addition to this, since everybody will be wearing costumes, making sure that they will be comfortable to their costumes must also be a main priority. It is always a-must to ensure comfort at any cost, therefore it would be best to get costumes made of good quality material. One suggestion would be cotton-made costumes. This kind of material will best fit for the kids. They don't have to worry about getting irritated with what they are wearing. With all these set in mind when planning for a costume party, everybody will definitely enjoy and feel pleasured. Everybody is given the chance to play and enjoy and be creative as well while portraying the character they want through wearing their entertaining costumes. Your costume party will certainly be very remarkable to all.
Design Redefinition: Lolita Wedding Dresses

Lolita style has originated in Japan. This model is heavily inclined in the direction of the Victorian style and impressed by the costumes of the Rococo period. Cosplay is an acronym of costume play which is a kind of artwork by which an individual or a gaggle attire in thematic costumes and equipment so as to suggest a selected character or idea. These characters are adopted mostly from previous fiction stories prevalent in Japan. 

Lolita Cosplay is usually adorned by individuals who intend to get into Lolita more as a costume during anime, sports or different occasion gatherings. Nonetheless during such events this Cosplay shouldn't be as exactly followed as it ought to be. This type of costume is often designed by using a form of satin which is embellished with a lot of scratchy lasses. If there's an use of any type of shiny fabric in the costume then it can be thought of as a typical signature of Lolita Cosplay outfit. Types in the majority of outfits which might be referred to as Lolita outfits by fashion designers, are too quick and display numerous skin. The first cause behind that is the image of a nurse or maid characters from anime artwork in the minds of dress designers. 

This is the reason it has become so popular. In case you are considering to do dressing-up an important half is deciding what character to be. Take into consideration what characters you love from all of the widespread cosplay mediums akin to video games, manga, anime, or movies. If you happen to can think of an exquisite costume that a character has worn that you simply completely cherished that's another great selection for costume playt.

Lolita Cosplay outfits are principally adorned in lace. A top quality outfit can have a good balance between the lace and the open part. Nonetheless there are many different quality of these outfits which do not make use of lace. So the choice in Lolita Cosplay outfits relies upon completely upon one's private preference. 

Lolita Cosplay outfits don't come under the category of stylish dresses. Hence they are not thought-about elegant. Nevertheless, the possible exception may be the elegant Gothic Lolita. There's a missing of applicable undergarments in these outfits. With Lolita Cosplay one can put on a hoop skirt, a sq. dance petticoat or no petticoat at all. Use of hoop skirt in this cosplay may be very rare. A square dance petticoat is worn to present the outward flare shape to the skirt. Nonetheless, usually it isn't able to give the flare with the skirt shape. Within the case you wear a hoop skirt then it's all the time recommended to put on a petticoat or some related kind of padding over the hoop. Lolita Cosplay outfits are worn with Sneakers or Mary Janes with stiletto platform. These outfits look great with low heel, platforms or a reasonably pair of sandals. With Lolita Cosplay ladies can relish completely different hair kinds like buns, pigtails, straight, curly etc.
Designer Indian Gold Bangles

Bangles & bracelets are never out of fashion. And, gold bangles aren't restricted anymore to traditional Indian jewelry pieces. Gold bangles can make quite a style statement since they come in a variety of exquisite artistic designs. Gold bangles have evolved into a fascinating, valuable, trendy piece of wrist or arm accessory. Not many women can resist the lure of an attractive pair of gold bangles and gold bangles and bracelets appear on the wish list of many a woman. Gold bangles are valuable gifts that symbolize true, unconditional love and admiration.

Are you keen on making a classic fashion statement? Is it possible to team up gold bangles with different outfits? Must you reserve gold bangles only for special occasions? Catch up with the trend on gold bangles. Learn more about the interesting significance of bangles in India and what makes their appeal and allure timeless.
Gold Bangle designs

Bangles are decorative ornaments that can be made from wood, glass, plastic, metals, lac, ivory and even bones. But gold bangles blended with pearls look very beautiful and very splendid gold bangles are usually worn in pairs around the wrists. The bracelets have a provision for opening at the hinge unlike bangles, which can be just slipped on to your wrists. Bangles are part and parcel of traditional Indian jewelry.

The social and economic elements influence the number of bangles and the weight of gold bangles. The elite select diamond bangles, pearls bangles bangles with other precious gemstones and gold bangles. Some opt for gold plated bangles or imitations that replicate pure gold bangles. Black non-metallic bangles adorn slender arms of newborn Indian baby, believed to ward off evil eyes.

Bangle collection is a hobby with many girls since childhood. Keeping in tune with changing trends, young girls choose matching bangles that complement different costumes. Gold, platinum pearl bangles or silver bangles are usually circular in shape. While bangles made of plastic, lac comes in interesting shapes. Post marriage, Indian women traditionally wear gold bangles along with glass bangles. Based on strong belief in customs and sentiments, it is considered inauspicious for married women to be bare armed.
Gold Bangle bracelet

Fashion designers, costume designers and trend setters opine that accessories can either accentuate a look or just break it. Unlike silver and platinum, gold 'the yellow metal' is highly attractive mainly due to its dynamic look. Hollow or solid, bangles made of gold can add a sparkle. Shopping for gold bangles can be a challenging experience. It is tough to narrow down on a particular design. The intricate designs that are commonly used are those of flowers, fruits, leaves, geometrical patterns or other artistic designs depicting nature.

It is essential to select the smallest size to enhance the beauty of your wrists. Broad or thick gold bangles are usually worn in pairs. You can adorn many sleek gold bangles. Sleek gold bangles measure as less as one gram. The price of pure gold bangles is proportionate to its weight and design.
Gold bangle care

Gold bangles require the same amount of care and maintenance like any other piece of jewelry. Caring for gold bangles can make a big difference. Your exquisite gold bangles can very well become family heirlooms. Prolong gold's luster using these tips and retain its value forever.
• Avoid wearing gold bangles during strenuous activities. 
• Do not wear gold bangles while swimming.
• Remove gold bangles while applying make up. 
• Clean regularly with lukewarm water.
• Dry with soft cloth. 
• Store gold bangles in a soft lined satin or velvet box. 
• To avoid scratches while storing, separate bangles with cotton.
• Do not store gold and costume bangles together. 
• Allow only qualified jewelers to repolish gold bangles after couple of years.
Designer Jewellery

As you know women are fond of jewellery, and nothing attracts them more than designer jewellery. An increasing number of women are buying designer jewellery for themselves, according to a survey. Research by International Jewellery London revealed it is likely that more women will continue to buy their own designer jewellery as they are tired of waiting for a loved one to purchase a ring or necklace for them instead.

Designer jewellery represents a line, or a suite, of jewellery attributed to one particular person as the design creator. A designer jewellery suite is a term used for coordinated jewellery design pieces such as matching earrings, pendants and a ring. In the case of well known jewellery designer household names, they more often than not employ a design team. In all cases, the design lines or jewellery design suites are recognizable in some way; they embody a signature style.

How to choose Costume Designer Jewellery.

You can buy hundreds of different types of designer costume jewellery, it's not difficult to find as they are available in many different shops. By shopping around you can find the perfect piece of designer jewellery to compliment your outfit. Costume jewellery is typically made out of metal, plastic glass and semi-precious stones, the jewellery can be purchased in many different shapes and sizes.

Such jewellery can be made into necklaces, earrings, rings, bracelets, brooches or even anklets. There are many different forms of designer jewellery. It is also possible to wear several different designers' pieces at the same time to create a completely unique look. This means it is very difficult to actually give a clear definition into what designer costume jewellery actually is. Designer jewellery is designed with people like you in mind, which is why it suits you so well.

There are a number of very famous designers all of which are very popular. In the jewellery industry there are several very well established designer labels which produce very high quality jewellery. Here are some of them Devon Leigh, Victoria Wieck, Joseph Espisito, Robert Tacori

Designer jewellery is exceptional and extremely gorgeous. A diamond necklace is a very good gift to give someone who is very special in your life and it will make them very happy. There are lots of options when it comes to designer necklaces, you can easily find this kind of jewellery in your nearest jewellery shop or you can also check online websites that provide online designer jewellery. These online websites have variety of styles of designer jewellery. It's a very easy process to find jewellery; you don't need to go to a shop you can easily buy jewellery online.
Designer Salwar kameez and elegant kurtis admired nationally and internationally

India is rich in tradition and customs where the cultural dresses and costumes are given more weight –age. Salwar Kameez is the tradition of Punjabis, Sikh and north Indian culture. Even the Mughals and Muslim communities respected it as their dress code. This Dress is felt comfortable and admired by most of the women's in India.  The designer Salwar and designer Sarees are attraction across the globe and internationally. Ever the designer kurtis are being worn by man and women globally as style icon. The latest designer Salwar Kameez suits are paired in three sections, two of the three all, are Salwar and Kameez and third one is the dupatta packed along. These Salwar Kameez are also known as 'Punjabi suits' as this outfit is majorly worn in the state of Punjab.

 Now a day's buying has become equally easy from shops and online shopping carts. The rushing life and busy days work make peoples shopping easy by online buying. Online designer shalwar Kameez is available in different designs, colors, and material. The designer suits are available in all changing trends and tastes as women's best suited mind. There are different types of Salwar Kameez like chudidar designer Salwar Kameez, silk salwar kameez, georgette salwar kameez, cotton, silk, satin, and crepe, georgette, brocade, brasso, velvet Salwar Kameez, Salwar Kameez with heavy work of jardosi and kundan. Party wear and festival occasion Salwar Kameez as well as summer special Salwar suits are more preferred. Ready to wear as well as pre-stitched designer salwar suits are also available so that it gets stitched conveniently to have better fit garments.

 Designer Kurtis is very much in these days infect it is increasing the latest trends in the fashion industry. The kurti is very much comfortable to wear garment. Kurtis are also embellished with stunning jardosi work and also ideal informal family assembly or wedding ceremonies. Designer Kurtis are also available in various designs, colors and fabrics. They are women's tops which you can dress up over trousers, jeans, salwar, skirt or Capri. In reality, they are elegant enough for any woman's attire.

 You are sure to get in your price range!!! So don't wait grab the offer fast!!!
Designer Sherwanis and Jhodpuris Need Not be Only Indian Costume Anymore!

There is a popular myth that there exists a distinctive dress style for each country. Brits and European boys should wear a suit with tie, and Indians wear Kurta, Sherwanis and Turban for their social proceedings. This conception has long been broken, by the younger generation of males. The finest example is - when the Hippy culture was rampant in U.S., it was so contagious to other countries in Europe including UK, where the young folks fondly preferred wearing Jeans – a dress British Gentlemen following elite tradition never imagined possible.

The contrast between the Jeans pants and the tweeds and tuxedos used by British ensemble style is simply “opposite poles”. The pants and shirts along with a coat in finer fabrics were considered Basic English etiquettes, and style for formal wear in a public appearance, especially in functions like balls, parties and club meetings. On the contrary, Jeans pants were made intentionally from rough clothes, to withstand murky places and rough-terrains of Texas in USA. Cowboy style was looked down upon by Western veterans and scholars once. Yet nothing prevented the whole European youngsters changing over to Jeans culture, which is continuing even today.

The convenience of Jeans – no ironing needed, laundering postponed for days together, and the rough-and-tough look that went along with the young blooded hares – caused this wonderful change in attire. Likewise, the Indian traditional ensembles of Designer sherwanis, Kurtas, Pajamas, Mens Jhodpuris and such other dress styles are spreading fast among many Western countries, including UK and USA. The credit goes to Internet Technology, which has made the entire Globe shrink into the size of a village. Fashion and styles of other countries catch up really faster now.

If you are skeptical about wearing Indian Traditional sherwanis, whether they will suit you, here are the details. First of all Traditional sherwanis and Men's Jhodpuris were symbolic dresses of Indian Kings and Princes. The Nobles and Courtiers followed them, in important life-time occasions of Marriages, where the bride-groom is the “King”. Although Kings are extinct species in modern India, the stylish appearance in all family functions and ceremonial occasions in North India warrants invariably, this special costumes of pride. 

Traditional sherwanis are suitable for any age group. With the color combination in attractive colors, embroideries to lift the glossy appearance of the jacket and the embellishments, you will look very attractive, if you are a youngster. For other males the same costume with under-played embellishments will give a “Majestic Look”. Importantly, these Traditional sherwanis are made up of finer fabrics like silk that they are very comfortable to wear in all seasons, including chilly winter.

Men's Jodhpuris is virtually a trouser with English cut- just like Equestrian ensemble widely popular among the British soil – worn under the Traditional sherwanis, to give you luxurious comfort with its fine fabric. Regarding availability – you need not worry at all. There are many online outlets waiting to supply you all the above dresses – Men's Jhodpuris, Designier shewanis or any other Traditional sherwanis. 

Just go there, leisurely visualize every design, color, fabric, model and style of these Traditional sherwanis on show, and select the most pleasing color and design that best suit you. After all you are going to be a “heads-turner”, wearing the attire in any gathering.
Different Party Ideas For Spongebob Birthday Invitations

Kids love to celebrate their birthdays since they can get to open presents and indulge in a lot of games and activities. Birthday themes based on cartoon characters are a great option for parents to celebrate the special day of their little kids. If your kid is a fan of Spongebob, then you can choose from many different styles of Spongebob birthday invitations.

We all know that Spongebob lives in a pineapple house and this can be a great theme for the Spongebob Squarepants birthday party invitations. Glossy yellow paper can be cut in the shape of a pineapple and the top of the pineapple head can be decorated with green leafy paper. The invitations can be made to look more attractive by sprinkling green and yellow glitter powder over them and decorating the borders with yellow or green satin ribbons.

Starfish shaped invitations can also be created from tan cardstocks. One side of the starfish invitations can contain the party details, whereas the other side can consist of a photo of your child and can be decorated with tan glitters. You can even draw a pair of eyes and a mouth to the starfish invitations giving them a friendlier look for the benefit of the kids.

Photo invitations are an ideal tool that can be designed and created according to your own convenience. In order to create unique Spongebob Squarepants birthday party invitations, you can cut out glossy yellow stock into 2 pieces and fold each of them in half. Click a cute photo of your child in a Spongebob costume and trim the edges so that it fits into the invitations. Innovative wordings such as "Dive Into Action at The Birthday Bash of (your kid's name).

People who do have the time to design their own Spongebob birthday invitations can purchase readymade invitations that are available on a number of online stores. Choose to purchase in bulk quantities so that you can avail great discounts. Many of them even come with an option to personalize the invitations with photos of your child.

Another innovative option for the Spongebob Squarepants birthday party invitations are the bottle invitations. These type of invitations are ideal for friends or neighbors who live within your locality. Unique and cute invitations can be made out of empty water bottles, coarse sand and seashells. Different colored accessories can also be purchased for such invitations from nearby stores.

Empty water bottles can be filled with sand and seashells. You can purchase some yellow cardstocks and write the party details like the date, time and venue inside them. These scrolls can then be tied with the help of green raffia in the shape of seaweeds. The outer layer of the bottles can be pasted with Spongebob stickers and you can hand deliver the invitations to the guests.

Designing and creating unique and innovative Spongebob birthday invitations depends upon your creativity skills. If you are tight on budget you can easily purchase postcards or make standard Spongebob invites by making use of yellow sponges in your house. These invitations will really be appreciated by your kid as well as the guests who will be attending the party.
Different Styles of 70s Costumes

When you are shopping for fancy dress outfits you will soon realise that there is a huge selection available to you. Out of the most popular products at the moment, 70s costumes are probably the latest addition. Over the past couple of years there has been a huge amount of renewed interest in this decade. A lot of us are old enough to remember it with great clarity and the thought of its fashions, which a lot of us actually wore, make us cringe.

Although it is not just the 70s costumes that pop stars wore that are generating people's attention, it is also the outfits that were worn be people in children's television programmes. Captain Pugwash, Hong Kong Phooey and Bagpuss are all available as fancy dress outfits. Even the characters from Rainbow can be found in some outlets. If you are invited to a 70s costumes fancy dress evening, then don't be at all surprised if you bump into Bungle, Zippy or George. Other famous children's characters that are on offer include the dramatis personae from Battlestar Galactica and that often forgotten children's classic, Rentaghost.

If you have a look at children's programmes from that period on the internet, then you will see what other 70s costumes can be bought or hired for parties. Some other firm favourites with fancy dress customers are Monkey, Barbapapa, Paddington and The Clangers. Of course, there were some shows from the time that are a whole universe of characters in themselves. One of these is Sesame Street. If you want an outfit that people are going to recognise immediately, then you can't go far wrong by choosing one from this programme. Sesame Street was enormously popular with both children and adults alike; there are very few people who would fail to recognise Big Bird, Cookie Monster, Bert, Ernie, Gonzo or The Count.

70s costumes that you may see in retailers are also sure to include characters from some of the big movies at the time. The most famous children's film was undoubtedly Star Wars. The selection of different outfits that are available from that one movie is absolutely immense. It is still one of the most popular films ever made and thousands of people still love to dress up as Darth Vader, C3PO, Chewbacca or Luke Skywalker. Another great film from the period was Superman. It is very common to see at least one 'man of steel' at a fancy dress party.

If you have been invited to a party and you need to get yourself an outfit to wear, then 70s costumes are great fun. The selection to choose from really is very varied because it covers so many different areas.

The 1970s might have had some pretty awful clothes, accessories and shoes, but it was a lot of fun. It was a time of many different ideas and styles. People who grew up in that decade look back on its television, films, games and toys with a very great fondness.
Different types of costumes for men and women - costume trends

Everyone loves dressing up. Each of us has a unique dressing style and prefers a costume as per his or her taste. As far as costumes are concerned, some people buy for style, some for comfort, and some for fun.

Halloween costumes are fun dressing items. Many countries across the world celebrate Halloween; people there order sexy costumes, which incorporate style and fun together. This is a distinctive form of clothing. Costumes display the culture or ongoing trend of a nation. They talk about different customs, tastes, and styles of people. They express the identity and unique attributes of different cultures and tastes.

The most common places where people see costume trends are theatres, films, and television. Costumes in movies and theatres help audience distinguish different characters. 

It has become a tradition to wear different costumes during festivals and holidays. Halloween costumes have become so popular that people start preparations for this day in advance to look unique. Nowadays, people wear different costumes even during Christmas and Easter. Costumes serve the purpose to portray different characters on these special days.

Not only children but grown up men and women also love dressing up on Halloween, Christmas, and fancy dress parties. The colourful costumes worn on such occasions become a mesmerizing sight. Children become visible in all forms like characters from history, police officers, nurses, Disney characters and as animals. 

Different types of Costumes

Every year costume trends change and people come out with different themes. The various fancy dress themes that are popular include Pirates, Harry Potter, Superman, Batman, couples' costumes, ghosts' costumes, demons' costumes, and other saucy and sexy Halloween costumes.

A pirate costume is a fun costume theme taken from Caribbean movies. It involves the whole family, which makes it quite popular among people. Harry Potter themes are mainly popular among children. However, there are fancy dress themes for adults also which relate to Harry Potter.

Films, cartoons, and comics have made Superman/Supergirl themes very popular. Everyone adores the image of a superhero and a superwoman. A lot of children, men, and women love these fancy dresses and make this theme extremely popular.

A couple's costume offers different choices to couples who can wear specifically designed costumes with different themes like doctor and nurse, fire-fighter and fire-woman. Ghosts and demons can frighten people and give them sleepless night; and therefore this theme is specifically popular as Halloween costume.

Costume manufacturers can sell anything around the time of Halloween. People make choices full of sexy and saucy themes while selecting costumes. The costumes in these themes are available for both men and women.

Men costumes

The popular costumes in the category of men include various themes such as Deluxe Halloween, ghosts and zombies, gothic, knights in shining armour, military and law enforcement, popular movie themes, super hero themes and many more themes which attract people. 

Women costumes

There are different costume themes for women, which give them a unique and special look. Fancy dress costume may include fairy theme, gothic theme, maid theme, pirate theme, princess theme, retro theme, vampire theme, witch theme and many more exciting themes.

Plus size costumes for women are available in different ranges. These may include ladies plus size masquerade costumes, plus size character costumes, and plus size historical costumes for women. The themes for masquerade costumes may include angels, devils, and witches. The themes for character costumes include officers, sailors, fairies, and nurses. The themes for historical or period costumes include Robin Hood costumes, Eve costumes and princess costumes.

Christmas costumes are specially made to complement the festival of Christmas. The wide range of Christmas costumes include Adult father costumes, Adult mother costumes, Boys' costumes, Girls' costumes, Elf costumes, Adult and children's snowman costumes, funny adults' costumes, and many more Christmas costume themes.

Costume accessories add more spice to the different looks of people. The wide range of accessories which are available with costumes include wigs, masks, panty hose, trick or treat bags, make up accessories, tiaras, hats, stockings, sunglasses, capes, tights, shoes and boots, socks, shirts, wands, boot tops, shoes, sandals, hand bags, costume jewelleries, gloves, fake beard, goatee, hooded caps, and many more which are beyond imagination. These costume accessories are available with costumes for children, men, and women.
Different Types Of New Lalaloopsy Dolls

The first series of Lalaloopsy dolls consisted of eight dolls; the sweet natured Crumbs Sugar Cookie was sewn on 4th December the National Cookie Day from a chef's apron and has a pet mouse. The clumsy little prankster Peanut Big Top was stitched from a clown's costume on 1st April; April fool's Day and has an elephant for a pet. Pillow Featherbed was made from a baby's blanket on January 3rd; Festival of Sleep Day and keeps a sheep as a pet. Spot Splatter Splash is the most creative of all the Lalaloopsy dolls. Sewn from an artist's overalls on International Artists Day which falls on 25th October, her pet is a zebra. Scraps of an astronaut's suit were used in making Dot Starlight whose birthday is on July 20; the day the first man stepped on the moon. Dot wants to explore space with her pet bird. On 21st December, the first day of winter, Mittens Fluff ‘n' Stuff was made from an Eskimo's scarf and this is why she enjoys playing in the snow with her pet polar bear. The gregarious and scholarly Bea Spells a-Lot was crafted from a schoolgirl's uniform on the 16th of October known as Dictionary Day and her pet is of course is a wise owl. The twins Sunny Side Up and Berry Jars ‘n' Jam were made from a farmer's shirt on Old Farmer's Day which falls on October 12th. Both are hardworking gals and while Sunny has a chick for a pet, Berry has a pet cow. Made on March 13th Jewel Day, Jewel Sparkles was crafted from a princess's dress and has a Persian cat for a pet. 

The second release of Lalaloopsy dolls included Tippy Tumblelina who was stitched from a ballerina's tutu on February 2nd and is accompanied by a pet swan. Blossom Flowerpot the little lady with a green thumb was made from a Gardener's Glove on Earth Day April 22nd. This patient and caring doll has a pet butterfly. Patch Treasure Chest the only boy doll in the entire Lalaloopsy range is a funny pirate complete with an eye patch and a pet parrot, but Patch will not be alone as there are plans to give him a buddy soon. The hyper active Cotton Hoppalong was made from bunny's slippers on 31st March the first day of spring and was released as a mini Lalaloopsy. Sahara Mirage pops out from nowhere; after all a genie's entire veil was used to craft her and that too on January 13th the Make your dream come true day. This limited edition doll has a pet camel. The final stitch in the scraps from a sailor's uniform gave the deep love of ocean to Marina Anchors who was stitched on June 8th the World Ocean Day. She wants to explore the seven seas with her pet blue whale. Having many tricks up her sleeve Misty Mysterious was stitched from a magician's cape on March 24th; Houdini's birthday. Her pet is a rabbit. Ace Fender Bender, a mechanic is speculated to be the next boy Lalaloopsy doll. 

Conclusion

In all there are 17 Lalaloopsy dolls; each with their own unique characteristics and qualities. The interesting story associated with each doll and the qualities they got from the rags from which they were made have made these dolls all the more fascinating. Interesting birthdays and adorable pets add color to their personalities and have made them one of the most sought after toy of the year. 

Please see our Author's box below for more interesting facts and great saving on Lalaloopsy Dolls.
Discover the Knowledge of Prom Tradition

As a tradition in the United States and Canada, high school proms have become one of the most important events in a teenager's life. In some countries it is just a party to celebrate a graduation from high schools or even colleges, but in other countries it can be the most stressful and exciting event for a young person. Whatever the situation may be, it is a celebration that is spreading worldwide.

The word "prom" was used for the first time in 1890 as a short version of the word "promenade" that referred to formal dances. In United States, parents and teachers believed that proms are a good way to teach students social skills. In the 1920s, the first proms took place and a decade later they were popular across USA. In the beginning proms were pretty modest, held in the school gymnasium and decorated with crepe-paper. From the 1960s until now, proms are more formal events with boys wearing tuxedos and girls in formal dresses arriving in limousines hired exclusively for that special night. As part of the attire girls wear a corsage, generally a wrist corsage, given to them by their dates and girls give boys matching boutonnieres.

The tradition has been popular in several countries around the world that now have their own version of the high school proms. Some of them kept the same elements as the Prom in the United States and others made their own.

In Canada, most schools have the same traditions as Prom in the United States, except it is strictly a ceremony celebrating the graduation from high school.

In Brazil, proms are usually held at the end of high school or at college graduation. Evening gowns and suits are required. 

In Argentina, proms are for students finishing their last year of high school. A big party in a local disco and school leavers usually wear costumes to be identified.

In United Kingdom, proms were unheard of until the late 1990s. It was believed to start in Cambridge where every school in the area had a special "school ball."
In France, some schools or universities hold "gala" which are social events each year gathering newly graduates and newly entering students.

In Germany, students celebrate their graduation from high school with an "Abi-Party" or an "Abi-Ball". They are not compelled to wear tuxedos or dresses.

In Italy, the equivalent is known as "Mak ? 100" because it takes place 100 days before the students' graduation in high schools. It is not a formal event, and the students will often perform shows making a parody of their teachers.

In India, the equivalent is a farewell party. Students are given a warm send-off by the junior students with souvenirs and outstanding students are given awards.

In South Africa, the equivalent is the Matric Dance. It takes place during the final year of high schools. It usually takes the form of a formal dinner and dance. In most schools the 11th grade class is responsible for arranging the events.

If you are organizing a prom, now you know that you are not alone in that task. Thousands of people around the world are doing the same with clear cultural differences. But what is certain is that if we talk about a formal event we will for sure need to talk about decoration as well. Flowers, as in any other event today, have become increasingly important for decoration and even as part of the attire. The days of crepe-paper are over so the venue has to be decorated accordingly and what can be better than flowers to do the job!
Discovering Harry Iskin Vintage Jewelry

When thinking of vintage jewelry manufacturers, one can pretty easily drop names like Coro, Trifari and Barclay, three of many well-known manufacturers that were active in the Retro era. The Retro era is generally defined as the years between 1935 and 1950 or so, the World War II era, when platinum, gold and base metals for such frivolous uses as jewelry manufacturing were scarce. Gold-filled and sterling, using both semi-precious and synthetic gemstones, became more prevalent and the lines between fine and costume pieces blurred a bit due to the scarcity of manufacturing materials in general.

The earmarks of the Retro period include the use of larger rhinestones and cleaner, less fussy designs than that of the Art Deco period preceding it. Among the manufacturers of the Retro period was Harry Iskin, who was a wholesale manufacturer from 1930 or so until the early 1950s. Harry Iskin's business apparently ended in bankruptcy in 1953.

The majority of Iskin's designs feature a stylized floral or bow motif with good sized, well-placed rhinestone accents. Iskin designs can be found both in gold fill and sterling silver and it doesn't appear that Iskin produced pieces using lower-quality metals (i.e., pot metal) during this time.

Iskin's designs are easily recognizable after viewing even just a piece or two. Graceful bows and curlicues abound, oftentimes in shades of both yellow gold and rose gold. Iskin pieces can be found with a variety of colorful prong-set rhinestones--deep wine reds, vibrant blues, emerald greens--although Iskin generally did not mix colors on the same piece unless it was to incorporate clear rhinestones as accents.

Run a quick internet search for "Harry Iskin" and you will come up with a bunch of fine examples of his work. If you might have an interest in acquiring a piece or two of Iskin jewelry, be sure to acquaint yourself with the distinctive "I inside an H" manufacturer's mark used by the Iskin Company--photos of the mark are also easily found with a quick internet search.

Oddly, though Iskin designs are clean and stylish, using quality materials and feature prong-set, rather than glued, rhinestones, Iskin isn't regarded as a top-end manufacturer. Consequently, Harry Iskin pieces can still be had for a relative song, whether you purchase from an online vintage costume jewelry site or try your hand at eBay bidding.

A beginning collector of vintage costume jewelry would do well to start by adding an Iskin piece or two to their acquisitions. Iskin's well-made products, still looking good after 65-plus years, indeed withstands the test of time.
Disney Halloween Costume Ideas

You will never be short of Disney Halloween costume ideas as there is the Ariel, snow white and the beast to choose from among the most popular ones. Each year, a different theme becomes a rage and you can purchase the costumes online at fabulous discounts. Instead of sticking to the princess or the sleeping beauty, go for different costumes liked by infants and adult girls. Every girl loves to dress up in characters they can identify with during Halloween nights.

You can use your ideas to make the costumes at home or buy them online early on to get fabulous discounts and offers. Plan ahead and try to be different each year instead of sticking to common Disney characters. Dress your daughter up in an adult Disney costume to make her look like the wicked Maleficient and top it up with a menacing crow. Girls like to wear something that is out of the ordinary and you can also check out dresses of Belle in the movie, Beauty and Beast.

Homemade Disney costume ideas

The Little Tinker Bell pint sized pixie with glittery winks can be made at home and she could be ready to party when she slips the dress on. There are simple homemade Disney Halloween costumes ideas that you can choose from to make her Halloween night out memorable.

The Cruella Deville costume can give her the mean look the way she would like with feathers and a spotted bag. She would also look great in a little mermaid costume and have fun dressing up as a favorite princess from under sea.

The Snow White's poisoned apple costume is one of the great homemade ideas that you can use to make her look adorable and funny. If she loves something spooky, go for the haunted mansion ghost costume which is unique with an Abe Lincoln patterned sewed in the dress. The Princess Jasmine costume has enough lovely beads and fabric to be a show stopper on Halloween. She can also arrive in style in a Cinderella's coach costume.

To make her look like a Briar Rose, you can go for a Sleeping Beauty Briar Rose costume which is a felt skirt worn with ballet slippers. For infants, the 101 Dalmatian costume is ideal and if you have a family full of daughters, use the Jasper Badun, Pongo and Perdi as well. Let loose your creativity when you design Disney characters at home and raw from a wide array of resources as well.

Ariel mermaid is an all-time hit

If she loves the little mermaid, make her an Ariel mermaid costume as the character has been popular ever since it came into the picture. It has become a hit with girls wanting to go-as-you-like at parties as it has a seashell bikini top, red colored flowing hair and glittery spangles. Being a licensed Disney character, the standards followed for the costume is the same, but you can always make it more real with a red wig and a seashell tiara.
Diwali Offer – Best And Branded Mens Shirts

Diwali 2008 festival offer – homeshop18 offering best diwali offer on latest and branded mens and womens clothes especially in mens shirts. Please have a look below:

(1). Peter England Men's Full Sleeve Shirt- PE695

Presenting a splendid creation woven in the glorious traditions of European shirt making. The classic Peter England Shirt. A name that's now synonymous with quality as well as elegance, the world over. Undoubtedly a manifestation of the impeccable reputation, that has stood the test of time since 1888. It is therefore with considerable pride that we reaffirm our commitment to quality and look forward to earning your complete satisfaction.

Features:

Colour: White, Sizes: 40, 42, 44 
Type: Formal Wear, Fabric: Cotton, Style: Button down Collar 
Pocket: Single Pocket, Sleeve: Full Sleeve 
Wash Care instructions:

Use Good quality mild detergents containing Non-chlorine bleaches only 
Hand wash preferred. If machine washed, use gentle cycle 
Wash shirts inside out with all buttons flattened, Pre-soak the garment before wash 
Brand: Peter England 
(2). Sports Black Polo TShirt

Comfort Sports TShirt Features:

Ultimate comfort! Breathable & Sweat Absorbed, Summer -Cool Quick Dry Fabrics 
In light weight dry fit fabric thanks to modern technology, this fabric is one the lightest fabrics available in the world 
The fabric helps the body to breathe more easily and keeps the body free from sweat and discomfort 
In many colors and designs, Size: S/M/L/XL 
Nike, Reebok and other world renowned brand use the same fabrics and the clothing retail @ Rs. 1200/- above 
You are buying a VFM product from "Choose & Click" 
In case of any size or quality defect, please contact customer support for Free replacement 
(3). Hand Block Kalamkaari Print Men Kurta – 05

Features:

Costume/outfit: Long kurta, Colour: Greenish Yellow 
Style: Cool and Casual Hand Block kalamkaari print kurta made using vegetable dyes only for lasting colours, can be put on with jeans, trousers, payjamas or churidars 
Fabric: pure cotton, Wash Care: Normal machine wash 
Ideal for: gifting and casual leisure wear for all seasons 
USP: Original images-Original designs-You get what is shown. 

Author suggests you to buy formal shirts from homeshop18 and get maximum discount.
DIY Ladybug Costume

DIY costumes are fun and usually quite easy to make. They test your creativity and give you the chance to make the costume unique and much more original than the ones sold in stores.

Making a ladybug costume yourself is quite uncomplicated. You will have to introduce some elements when making it for a child and others when the ladybug costume is to be used by an adult.

Before getting started, you will have to decide on the most appropriate materials. Purchase those and begin. Follow a basic DIY ladybug costume plan but feel free to modify it and to add elements you believe are appropriate.

DIY Ladybug Costume Materials
Plan materials in advance and purchase those. You will need red and black fabric for the shell. If you want to make it rounded, you will need some cotton and sewing materials.

The antennae can be made of many materials. You can use straws or some hard wire that can be bent into the needed shapes. Select something fluffy for the top part. A circular object will also perform just fine.

DIY Ladybug Costume Procedure
An adult ladybug costume would be very easy to make. You will need a black or red top and an appropriate skirt or a selection of pants.

You will have to work on the wings and the antennae. The wings do not have to be fluffy and realistic, you can get those stylized to match the costume's theme and tone – sexy, funny or eccentric.

Use wire to make the frame. You can also utilize straps to attach the wings to your outfit. Get the red fabric to cover the entire framework you have created. Pull it tight and glue it to the wire. Cut out black circles and stick those to the surface of the red fabric.

For a child, you might want to achieve a more realistically looking costume. 

Get the back of the ladybug rounded. Cut out six triangles of the red fabric. The bases need to be rounded so that when sewed together, the triangles will form a circle. Cut out a circular base having the radius of the circle made out of triangles.

Stitch the two parts together. Leave a little opening that can be used to put some stuffing inside. If you want the child to feel very comfortable, you should use cotton.

Stick the black circles to the red surface and make comfortable straps.

The antennae can be made of Styrofoam balls attached to coils, wire or pipe cleaners.

Remember that making the costume yourself gives you the chance to be creative. You can make it very realistic, adding little insect legs to the front part of the ladybug shell. The antennae can feature tiny lights to be more attractive and noticeable.
DIY ladybug costumes are very easy to make. It all depends on the complexity you want to achieve and the effort you are willing to put into the process. Even a simple one will look cute and original. Sketch the costume and once you know what you want it to look like, you can start putting it together.
DIY Under The Sea Halloween Costumes For Kids

Are you having trouble looking for the right under the sea costume for your child for the Halloween? To gain ideas and tips on what type of sea-themed attire to make, read the article below.

What is Halloween?

Halloween is a traditional American festival celebrated every October 31. During this day, young and adults alike are busy preparing for their respective Halloween activities. Children are busy visiting every house tricking and treating and collecting sweets, candies and money, while adults are busy attending different types of Halloween parties.

History of Halloween

According to history, it is a long tradition of Celtic culture to communicate with the dead and the living. They believed that the dead has the power to inflict sickness to human beings and to ruin crops. The Celts hold festivals wearing costumes to appease the spirits.

As times changed, the festival evolved along with it and every year different cultures from different countries celebrated the event with fun, mystery, flair and excitement. It becomes a perfect time to enjoy with friends, loved ones and family.

Aside from school activities, theatrical plays and school programs, Halloween is a perfect event where everyone can unleash their creativity, can shed inhibitions and can get creative. Aside from tricking and treating, visiting house to house to collect, candies, chocolates, sweets and money, children love the event because they can wear the fancy costumes of their choice.

There are plenty of costumes available to choose from, you just select which one suits your child best. If you are looking for under the sea costume, you can consider creating your own, renting from costume rental shops or buying from department stores. If you want to make and sew your own attire, you can get inspiration from magazine and the Internet.

Under the sea is one of the several Halloween themes suitable for aquatic-themed party. If you want to choose what attire to wear, you can select between creatures of the sea, the sea itself or someone who enjoys the sea. It can be made using accessories and old clothes.

Different types of do-it-yourself costumes:

* Fish – Make your own fish attire using a solid-colored sweatshirt and fabric paint. Paint a fish with scales on the sweatshirt.

* Seaweed – Use several shades of green fabrics and cut them into strips. Lay these strips over a T-shirt to become seaweeds.

* Coral reef – Paint several pieces of large Styrofoam with different tropical colors and let them dry outside. Once dry, attach them to a blue sweat suit using Velcro or glue. When your child put it on, paint a tropical fish on his/her cheeks to complement the corals.

* Starfish – You need a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants for this task. Paint the sweatshirt and sweatpants to look like a starfish. When attending the party, be sure to keep your child's legs in wide stance and their arms above their head.

* Mermaid – You can attach seashells on your child's bikini top and use a stretchable shiny fabric around her legs. Be sure that the cloth is in green, purple or turquoise shades. You can cut a slit in between or add fins at the bottom using a fabric or a fun foam.

* Humans – Your child can go to the party dressed in a scuba diver suit or sailor suit.

* Ships – Using a ship-shaped box, cut a hole in the top enough for your head to fit through. Paint the box to look like Titanic and use Styrofoam to act as your iceberg.

* Octopus – To make an octopus, use feather boas or fabric strips attached to your kid's waist like a belt. Hang them down and add appendages. For octopus' head, cut a large bulb shape out of fun foam or cardboard and paint it using purple or bright green shades of paint. Cut circles out of foam and paint it with little pink or purple. Attach the octopus' body around his neck using a yarn or ribbon.

With the tips and ideas mentioned beforehand, you can be sure that your child can have the best under the sea costume in the party.
Do a Bachelorette Theme With Wild Bachelorette Party Supplies and Have a Crazy Fun Time

Throwing a bachelorette party for a good friend or relative is almost more fun than being the bachelorette. The more guests the merrier, so be sure to gather enough bachelorette party supplies for all to enjoy. This includes the decorations, if the party is being held at a home or a hall, as well as tableware for the food, and party favors. 

Consider the location when planning the bachelorette party supplies ,they will change depending on the venue. Regardless of the venue, the main thing to think of when planning is the type of activities that will keep the guests happy and entertained.

While the guests are playing games, there are usually double entendres involved to make it more fun. And sometimes the bachelorette is required to give a speech and tell of her memories of past boyfriends and worst dates. When these are captured on video, even if it is via someone's phone, it's a souvenir that can be kept and cherished to remember the day. In fact, someone might be assigned to video the entire party and make the edits later. If each woman tells about her worst date ever, this video might be a keeper forever. Remember, when it comes to the antics at a bachelorette party, what happens at the party should stay at the party, so be aware of and honor the guests' privacy.

The party may revolve around a particular idea or subject. If the bachelorette loves shoes, this is a great theme to go with as far as the decorations around the room, little Barbie shoe party favors, and so on. One might be able to create a poster of fabulous women's shoes, and other clipart can be taken from the internet to create framed pictures of shoe icons, and more. Using the imagination for a theme such as this one is great fun. You don't have to do it all by yourself, talk it over with some of the guests and get more suggestions.

Another theme for a bachelorette party might be the "death of her freedom." Of course, this will be expressed in a very comical way. For example, there might be a coffin in the middle of the room, and when everyone is ready a male stripper emerges. Guests could be alerted to wear dark funeral-like clothing to lament the death of the bachelorette's single life. Consider asking them to wear something like a dark or black coat, jacket, shawl etc...but under it have on something sexy and a little wild.
Do Clip On Earrings Come In Different Sizes?

Some might not know this, but clip on earrings are still in high demand. There was a time when women purchased lots of clip-on earrings, because getting one's ears pierced was considered a big deal. Nowadays, most women have their ears pierced from the time that they are babies. Still, there are lots of women who have never had their ears pierced. These women don't want to miss out on the fun of wearing their favourite styles of earrings. Wearing earrings is fun, feminine, and they can help to accentuate just the right look for any type of occasion. 

When most people think of clip on earrings, they think of large and ornate styles of earrings, such as costume jewellery earrings. While these are the most popular style of clip-on earrings, many women will be pleased to know that they can wear clip-ons in all sorts of sizes and styles. For example, there are small-sized clip-ons that would be appropriate to wear in professional settings. Earring clips such as pearl, small drops, or gemstone studs can be worn with suits and dresses, in the same way that a woman would wear pierced versions of the same styles. 

A woman can also wear clipped earring styles such as dangles and drops. Many might believe that they can only wear these types of earrings if their ears are pierced but due to popular demand, there are many who have virgin earlobes, yet wear drops and dangles. Modern manufacturing has allowed for styles such as these to be converted from pierced backings to clip backings. As a matter of fact, there are some jewellery outlets that allow for customers to purchase earring converters. These converters can change a pierced style of earring into a clipped style. One would simply insert the pierced backing into the clipped converter. Then, the customer would clip their favourite style of earring onto their earlobes. 

Finally, women love wearing sparkling costume jewellery. Costume jewellery is literally where clipped earrings can shine. Women can very easily find medium-sized to large-sized clipped styles to wear to parties, events, or simply for a night out on the town. However, a woman must be certain that she purchases an earring size that won't hurt her ears. Larger earrings are glued or fused to backings that clamp down especially tight, in order to keep larger earrings on the earlobe. Therefore, it's quite painful to wear a clipped earring that causes the earlobe to hang unnaturally. 

No matter where a woman needs to go, or what event she needs to attend, she can be certain that she will find a clipped style that is just right for her ensemble.
Do Mascots Increase School Spirit?

A school mascot can be an animal or insect to a type of person, flower or other entity. Mascots have been associated with athletic teams since inter-school team competition began in the post-Civil War era in the late 19th century. The school mascot in its essence is a symbol of pride in the school and a certain spirit. In many cases the answer to the question do mascots increase school spirit is self evident. As the shrine to the Nittany Lion of Penn State has illustrated it is a part of school events and celebrations. There is even a tradition that began in 1966 called Guard the Lion Shrine that takes place immediately following the Homecoming Pep Rally with guest speakers, food and beverages, and a DJ.

Part of the enjoyable experience of attending a school game is watching mascots performances. A mascot is fulfilling its purpose when it is rousing its audience. Mascots are a recognizable face or personality for a school that builds popularity with fans and boosts the team spirit at games and other community events. They add to school history, tradition and pride. It is not just about getting into a suit. Mascots even have training camps and manuals to help them play their role to the hilt.

The most memorable mascots embody the desire to support the school and are a visual representation of their affiliation with the school they are proud to call their own. Many have in fact been promoted by students such as Joe Mason of Penn State who came up with the Nittany Lion symbol, or the students who selected Cy the Cardinal for Iowa State University, Sammy the Banana Slug lobbied for by students of the University of California Santa Cruz.

The tradition of mascots in the United States goes back at least as far as the Civil War where many regiments had living mascots. In the post Civil War era, intercollegiate and interschool competition began using mascots when intercollegiate athletic games and rivalries emerged. Some schools do not have mascots. One example is the University of Michigan that does not have a mascot that entertains at games. Its athletic department has maintained there was no need of one and that one would not reflect the spirit and values of athletics at the University. It has refused to sanction one even tough over the years, mascots in a variety of wolverine costumes have been proposed. The word mascot came into the English language from a French word used to describe anything which brought luck to a household.

Mascots can be chosen without a great deal of deliberation or care. They can also be selected by popular choice as has happened more recently than it has over the years. No matter how they are selected there is a reasoning behind them. The mascots selected represent something the schools want associated with the symbol that can become a promotional tool as the most identifiable mascots have become.

When it comes to school mascots animal names predominate. Some are more common than others. A perceived image or quality associated with the animal makes some animals a more likely choice since they participate in supporting athletic teams. Hence, an eagle is a more common emblem than a slug. The more common mascots are animals associated with ferocity such as eagles, tigers, lions, bull dogs, wildcats and panthers. In the same vein, the more common human symbols are warriors, braves, chieftains, raiders, pirates. Besides animal mascots, warlike mascots account for about half of the human mascots. A martial spirit is represented in the majority of all mascot names. These mascots get the spectators to associate that spirit with the determination and will to succeed of the teams.

Mascots can have different uses. During games they get the crowd excited and involved in the game. They bring forth smiles and laughter with their antics and are an identifying brand, a symbol of school pride and a partner of the cheerleaders. The most identifiable mascots are ambassadors of the schools and their sport teams they have become associated with. An example is the Nittany Lion mascot of Penn State which makes more than 200 appearances each year of which only half are at sporting events, even though the inspiration for symbol came at a game between Penn State and Princeton in 1904. Being a mascot can become a career where one can earn a six figure income with a professional sports team, which is an illustration of their importance to the franchise they represent.

Mascots selection has taken different paths. Many mascots have been selected because students, school officials, locals or even reporters have given a nickname to the university or college. At BYU, in 1923 athletic coach Eugene L. Roberts in 1923 chose the cougar as the official mascot of BYU athletics because it was native to Utah and embodied the traits of strength, agility, grace, quickness and beauty he hoped BYU athletes would exemplify. Today Cosmo the Cougar is the official mascot of BYU athletics. Cosmo made his first appearance in front of BYU fans on October 15, 1953 when Dwayne Stevenson, the pep chairman of BYU, bought the costume for 73 dollars and persuaded his roommate to wear it. In 1924 a sports reporter used the description of wildcats for a game performance of the Northwestern University football team. That description became identifiable with the team. The first Willie the Wildcat mascot came to life in 1947 with a costume designed by the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity for their homecoming float. Mascots are a symbol of school spirit to rally round through losses and wins. For some students it is difficult to identify with or rally around a mascot attached to teams that do not inspire school pride with winning performances. However, as the Northwestern University football team has revealed, fortunes can change for the better. Through the lean period to the present period of improved performance Willie the Wildcat has been there for students to identify with as they stand by their team.
